what is up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a great show lined up for
you guys today uh
oh okay there's one bit of bad news
we're going to talk about this uh real
estate dystopia very cool algorithmic
pricing means uh cost of living
basically go up but this time it's
algorithmically also
huh I will be eating some Humble Pie
today we got hacked earlier this week uh
control of our Twitter account was lost
and it turned out it was my fault
fortunately Humble Pie you get pie out
of it is delicious yeah so we're going
to be talking about exactly what
happened and uh I'm going to be eating
crow no pie pie not not Crow but humble
C what else we got I went to Defcon and
it was super cool and we're going to
talk about that cuz it's like actually
cool and interesting
that's the badge yeah this badge is
crazy it has a Game Boy emulator on it
super cool what else we got
uh you know we were sitting here for 45
minutes anduk goog team pixel program
changed to require influencers to be
biased towards Google I didn't think you
were going to bring up your uh fishing I
thought you were going to avoid it so
that was going to be one of my topics no
I'm not avoiding it I'm eating it head
on I encourage people to come out and
talk about being exploited being hacked
and being open about it so the only
thing that I can do to salvage any kind
of scrap of Pride at this point is
practice what I preach and go into it
completely kimono open here's everything
that happened yeah all right so here
comes the kimono coming kimono is coming
off banned on Twitch
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
Corsair Squarespace Ridge and of course
our chair partner secret lab why don't
we jump right into our headline topic
for today which I forget what it is what
was it again you getting fished Disney
Disney we didn't even have that as a
headlight topic right we got to jump
right into that this is crazy this is
not okay A 42-year-old woman died after
an allergic reaction eating at a
restaurant at Disney World Resorts
Disney Springs in October
2023 uh she was highly allergic to Dairy
and nuts the restaurant was chosen
because they advertise the accommodation
of persons with food allergies as a top
priority okay a lawsuit was then filed
in February of 2024 by her husband for
damages of more than
$50,000 um this was a wrongful death
suit now okay that kind of makes sense
because if you say hey like I'm allergic
to this and they're like hey no problem
we got you there are there is some fine
print I think many menus will actually
have a disclaimer where even if the
server says Hey like yeah sure there's
no there's no nuts in that there's
always the chance of these things that
this chance of cross contamination
however um from the article that I read
on this seemed to suggest so take this
for what it is seemed to suggest that
there was a substantial amount of what
she was allergic to in the dish got it
okay so this is where things go
completely off the rails and is what
pushed this to the top of our subreddit
earlier this week Disney filed a motion
in May alleging that the husband okay
okay so not not the woman who died the
husband accepted a forced arbitration
agreement when signing up for Disney
Plus in
2019 they also seem to be under the
impression that they agreed to an
arbitration Clause when purchasing
tickets to Disney
World the husband's legal team argues
that that the Disney terms were made
effectively invisible Disney put the
link to its terms of use within another
link on the agreement page when you sign
up for Disney plus and neither of these
agreements were necessary they were
never forced to read them to eat at the
restaurant because get this you don't
need to buy
tickets in order to access Disney
Springs this
is wild oh yeah this reminds me of who
wasian as hell who who was it who uh
hold on I'm going to look it up I'm
going to look it up the soft drink
Hitman thing yep yep yep I'm going to
look it up I think it was coke
um yeah yeah the Coke the Coke death
squads okay where their defense their
defense for this was not we didn't we
didn't contract kill people that was not
the defense the defense
was here in the US you
cannot pursue us for this because it
happened outside of your jurisdiction
yeah I mean I thought the whole Ula
thing was kind of settled where they're
they're in super enfor where they're in
a where they're in this gray area where
like as long as everything makes sense
within all of the other laws that exist
for all the good reasons that they exist
then yeah you are effectively agreeing
not to use the I don't know um team
viewer for terrorism or you know
whatever else the case may be right like
there there are certain things within an
end user license agreement that do make
sense because they're for the protection
of intellectual property holders uh for
the protection of the general public
they're for the greater good and they're
they're things that you would kind of
expect however for me to agree not just
to a forced arbit ation Clause over some
issue that I had with the Disney plus
service because that I could see if
somebody were to say for example watch
some show on Disney plus and they were
to get inspired to shoot John lennin who
knows right if if if Lennon's if Yoko
Ono okay we're getting a little off the
rails here but if Yoko Ono comes after
Disney and goes okay you're liable for
the shooting of my husband
um I well wait cuz did she sign up for
Disney
plus the the point is if you're if you
are a user of the service and the issue
that you have with the service is
related to the service then okay no
problem but if oh man I'm trying to No
I'm trying to come up with a parallel
here because this is mind-blowing okay
take our what no let's take our company
okay okay uh let's say for example that
you sign up for float plane okay okay so
that's our that's our video streaming
service where you can get early access
to some of our videos uh including
scrapyard Wars uh you can also get
extras for some of our videos including
scrapyard Wars I'm not saying you should
sign up for float plan I'm just saying
it's got good stuff uh but let's say as
part of our as part of our uh agreement
you know we've got okay yeah there's a
there's a forced arbitration Clause
because if for whatever reason um uh
there's a billing error okay uh and you
say I I was it it put undue mental
strain on me that uh I was double build
that one month because of an
administrative error and I'm seeking
$50,000 in pain and suffering damages or
whatever else we B we basically are
going like look our entire agreement
with you our entire agreement with you
is over like tens of dollars um uh this
is going to go to arbitration we you
wave your ability to like make a file a
super no not super but basically a
nonsense law suit like I can understand
that protection being in place I
actually don't know that we have a
forced arbitration Clause do we do you
even know I don't think so I don't know
well anyway ter the point is let's say
you sign up for float plane okay so and
let's say we have this clause for you
know maybe maybe some kind of reasonable
reason but then you go to you go to LTX
you go to a whale land okay and and we
have we have a gigantic Elijah
head that is suspended from the ceiling
okay because we think that's funny as
[__] for some reason I mean it would be
right it would be like a giant Elijah
head it would be pretty funny oh man
what if you had a whack-a-mole game and
it was Elijah wearing
helmets thank you but this very off
topic yeah I like it though
okay so we have an Elijah wacka game
okay and you like hit yourself in the
face with well no cuz that's on you you
get stuck in the machine you get a staff
an LTT staff uh tells you to go inside
the machine and and you get you get
Elijah whacked to
death you get
whacked okay that's pretty
whack to imagine so far off the rails
like if you never if you never signed a
liability release to to ride the Elijah
Wacker
wait this is starting to get a little
weird um the point is that if you never
signed a release what we just do a
direct thing you ate you ate food there
whatever it doesn't matter the point is
if you ever if you never signed a
specific release for that if you if you
never consented to anything to do what
does your agreement even though it's the
same
organization actually it isn't cuz float
plan's not even the same entity yeah it
doesn't matter the point is this this is
insane yes this is completely insane and
honestly I think I think you and I have
had this conversation where like I
remember talking to you about this and I
was just like yeah you know what the
legal system needs it needs like a like
a common sense filter we we where
there's like an intervention layer that
basically looks at something and goes
hey proactively B DET you know what
maybe maybe the law doesn't account for
this but we need to get some legislation
fast-tracked to deal with this because
this obviously makes no sense like this
is such a bad phase
argument that I don't know I don't know
how Disney's lawyers can sleep at night
yeah yeah absolutely I mean we we've had
convers when we were when we were doing
the legal agreements for Flo plane and a
couple other things that we have um we
did have conversations because the
external contractor legal team that we
had handed us like the most legal thing
on the planet and I remember this was
many years ago but I remember you and I
looking at it and being like this just
sucks cuz it's it's like impossible to
tell what they're trying to say so we
had to get them to do multiple rounds of
like simple this down make it easier to
understand and even then just to be
completely honest ours isn't the best
I've ever seen I've seen some that are
like very easy to understand really
really well laid out but you have to
work with lawyers to get it there and
they don't want to do that they want it
to be difficult to understand because
then it stands up legally like more
which is annoying I hate that so there's
a few things here so alt ochres in float
plane chat says that's what judges are
supposed to do but that's not actually
true judges are in charge of sentencing
and they can interpret the law but they
don't get to look at the letter of the
law and go I don't like that law it
doesn't make any sense if there is a is
a a a basis if there's an argument that
has a a strong basis in law they can't
ignore it right like that that's that's
not the judge's role it's it's
legislators who create laws judges just
interpret them um anything about that
process Mr VY says term says it covers
any disputes with the Walt Disney
Company and that may be true what I'm
saying is that that's crazy um there is
another Point here and this is a really
good one from papoa that says Disney
doesn't run that restaurant either okay
so I don't actually know if that's true
but it's a really interesting point
because here's my problem with that when
you license your name you are you are
you are collecting money you are you are
collecting
revenue for granting the
trust that is associated with your name
because otherwise the name being on the
restaurant wouldn't have any value I'm
eating at it because I trust Boston
pizza or Subway or what whatever here's
a question on on that topic you just
mentioned Subway Subway is a franchise
system so if eat at Subway and you get
don't know czy F poison or you could sue
for's just imagine there's something
could do you sue the franchise owner of
that building or do you sue Subway so
what I I I don't I don't know the
specific answer for Subway what I
suspect is that there are various
agreements depending on who you are
franchising from and depending what
exactly the agreement is there it also
probably depends on exactly what
happened if you followed if you followed
process that was handed down to you by
the I don't want to call it a parent
company they're not a parent by the
brand by the brand owner company um and
something went wrong anyway then I think
that's kind of between you and them but
it it might end up being a chain of
lawsuits or because Subway is a bigger
better known Target with more money I
could see how if someone did encounter
uh you know get poisoned at that
restaurant say for example I could why
they would go after the bigger more
obvious Target without necessarily even
considering that they're also probably
the better protected one um from a legal
standpoint because they probably deal
with this kind of thing all the time but
but my point is that you can't have it
both ways you can't hide behind oh well
I mean we weren't even running the
restaurant but then also benefit from
your name being put on you have to take
a you have to take some responsibility
for it I mean I remember having this
conversation with a YouTuber who
famously got into the fast food business
a couple of years ago where I basically
said yeah I I don't know I good for you
um but we've never done anything that
you can ingest um and the reason for
that is that I am I'm deeply cons I tend
to be pretty conservative when it comes
to uh business risk and liability um and
I am deeply concerned that compared to
almost anything else we do like uh a
shirt shirt a back or even water bottles
actually I we talked about them a lot
before we uh before we move forward with
them yeah a backpack you know what's the
worst that can go wrong right
um compared to anything we do something
that someone ingests
has well the maximum ceiling for what
can go wrong it could it could kill them
um and even if I'm not liable even if
I'm not found culpable for it cuz it's
like a ghost kitchen or
whatever do I want to do I want to think
about
that no I don't there's there's a lot of
decisions we we've made actually
including the the flow plane VPN thing
where it's like yeah we just don't
really want to think about this problem
at a certain point like we could we can
do it we could have made some type of
food product for sure sure there's even
want to dude there's food products that
I'd be pretty interested in making yeah
like I think you know how much I love
breakfast cereal I've I've recommended
you make cereal multiple times I know I
know but like there's a lot of risk with
it dude am I going to be on the factory
floor yeah exactly am I going to know if
there's toenail clippings in it the
factory floor probably won't even be in
this country yeah I mean realistically
yeah I don't know I mean actually I
don't know like grein products right now
I think where like where does uh where
the uh where does like General Mills
make cereal where where where is General
Mills based out of uh headquarters in
min all right yeah they make Cheerios in
North America okay yeah there you go
maybe that's a thing yeah maybe maybe
that's a thing maybe that's a thing cuz
like I can't imagine shipping like
basically air and wheat yeah I just
automatically assumed it's a product
it's made somewhere else yeah know we
have a lot of wheat production but yeah
we do we do so that kind of makes
sense um
anyway in summary I don't like it yeah
yeah all right yeah it's bad right
unsubscribe yeah well I mean signed it
yeah after you unsubscribe I don't think
I don't think that helps I mean I still
would anyways sure but I mean you do
whatever you want yeah I mean do you
really need to watch Mulan that badly
probably
not there's this whole thing going on
with Disney right now where they're
losing the like the war for kids
attention like the main viewers of
Disney right now are millennials not
kids really um and like if you if you
look interesting is that why inside out
too killed it cuz hold on think about it
think about it Riley in the film is what
13 I'm not sure I think she's 13 cuz
she's going into high school oh she's
either 12 or 13 we're getting there
we're getting there we're getting there
so if I am at the at the the Leading
Edge of Millennials I in my early 40s
right now if I had kids at 28 which is
was a more normal age back then cuz now
people are just not at all and if they
do it all it's like well into their 30s
but if I had kids at 28 all of a sudden
my kids are around Riley's age dude is
this just a bunch of Millennials taking
their young families to see it
probably textbook case Luke I think so
did they case study me because I took my
kids to see inside out too you're
probably part of it uh they've
apparently even been making certain
changes to the parks to cater to
Millennials more because Millennials
without kids are currently the main
demographic of people going to Disney
parks and actually spending considerable
money while they're there because it's
childless Millennials that like can
afford it because if you have kids in
your Millennial you probably can't
afford
anything so it's it's really interesting
and like they're they're losing a lot of
uh uh they're losing a lot of viewership
to YouTube effectively yeah I don't
remember what her name is but there's
some lady that does something on YouTube
that is getting like incredible amounts
of views for like kid content um sure
someone prob who knows I don't know but
like they're Miss Rachel yeah someone in
chat immediately knew what I was talking
about um but yeah Miss Rachel is her
name uh there's a bunch of other kids
content that's just like exploding Coco
melon stuff like that Disney is not
super in the picture right now when it
comes to kids content one day
ago yeah
yeah are you kidding me right now this
chick owns Kids YouTube
content owns
it 147 million views in 4 months what
even is happening right now
yeah yeah she's closing in on a billion
views on this see I find this
interesting in like thumbnail logic
stuff right she advertises the the time
of the video as an element of her
thumbnail uhhuh so like oh I want my kid
to leave me alone for an hour for 35
minutes yeah that is 50 minutes
hilarious 60 Minutes 85 minutes one
hour wow and it's just it's it's super
safe um dude she collabed with Sesame
Street yesterday are you kidding
me you know what slay Queen she's
killing it absolutely yeah all right
like I don't know anything about her for
all I know she eats babies um and that's
why she makes videos for them but I I
don't know her I'm not saying she does
do that I'm just saying I I don't know
her all I know is that she's actually
mind-bogglingly successful point where
she's beating Disney seems pretty
wholesome on the surface so uh yeah slay
she's a teacher apparently yeah not
anymore I mean still but I just I don't
I just mean not like you know out of
school anymore unless she like also
still is she
y just cuz like she might just that's
crazy I got to tell you I don't really I
don't really see I don't really see the
I don't I can't tell the difference
between like the the kid content that
works and the kids content that doesn't
work um but I'm yeah I'm sure she's
doing great anyway point is uh as far as
my understanding goes a oddly high
percentage of Miss Rachel's success has
been word of
mouth oh because all the parents are
telling each other like my kid really
likes this one also I've like watch some
of it it seems really safe I've
overheard conversations of parents
telling other parents about this Rachel
and then what is she just like less
annoying than blippy so maybe yeah I
don't know yeah I don't know anything
about blippy but someone in flow plane
chat I have no idea if this is true
someone in flow plane chat said the
studio that owns blippy was sold for $3
billion wow it's freaking wild dude
okay sick yeah whoops
Harlem Shake plus blippy Luke watch
later I don't I don't think we need to a
piece of cake to bake a pretty cake yeah
man it's crazy cuz like sorry there's a
there's a mashup that's basically the
best hold on a second did Disney buy
blippy and was part of a $3 billion
acquisition by Disney oh Disney bought
it cuz they're trying to fight for kids
they're trying to get the kid viewership
that's
crazy oh man wait what they made 17
million in sold for three billion oh
man I don't know dude I don't but part
of a three billion dollar acquisition by
Disney who knows okay okay fair enough
all right anyway yeah man I it I
remember back in the day like looking at
some like have you seen any of the weird
like Russian channels M like Russian
like one of the biggest channels in the
world is like as far as I can tell just
these Russian kids that are being
exploited for views on YouTube like it's
probably accurate freaking wild D and
I'm not saying that cuz they're Russian
I'm saying that cuz like there's a lot
of kids that are exploting for views on
YouTube it's just a thing yeah 100% um
yeah anyway I uh I I remember looking at
stuff like that as I was sort of like
going through like top channels by
country and like I just see these just
explosive view counts I'm sitting here
going
dude we do so much work to reach like a
million people because just frankly not
that many people care about how many
platters are in a hard drive or like
whatever the is we're talking about like
yeah and I could I so I could just I
could just d i could sing songs I taught
swim
lessons I teaching swim I think that's
almost like there's a fishy in the
middle and he can't get out no he can't
get out no he can't get out eat the ther
dude I can even sing on tune let's go
subscribed dude I I would watch
it you would get an amount of people
that would subscribe and watch dude like
so many of these songs are just like um
uh uh what's what's the term public
domain and stuff like oh yeah totally a
lot of kid songs are dude whatever I
could I could I could make up songs
about Sherlock Holmes who's also public
domain okay probably not for kids see
this is why this is why I can't handle
it I I think I I think I'd get bored I
don't and
nuck Sherlock Holmes in the The Case of
the the the stolen Binky or something oh
my goodness it was in the power
supply mom opened it and then
unfortunately Mom isn't around
anymore the stories of Hard Times
explaining difficult things God I would
not tune into to your ch ch good that's
fine um all right anyway speaking of
fishies in the middle oh the pway uh
amazing I got fished yeah basically I
think the so okay earlier this week
actually I oh man last weekend so almost
almost an entire week ago uh we were
having a pool party at our place sorry
make his advertise said Luke's channel
is the one you get if you leave YouTube
on
autoplay oh yeah that's way too real
momy's an angel now and came back to
Earth as Elsa
Elsa's building a computer she beat
Spider-Man I want to go home and start
filming this
immediately okay
sorry anyway we were having a pool party
and I got an email that basically was
like someone logged into your Twitter
account from some IP address in Russia
okay so I'm going to I'm going to
interject as you go through this what
you're referring to as Russia is in fact
Russia plus yeah exactly or or as I've
taken to calling it Russia plus turkey
Russia plus Ukraine wait
sorry carry on uh so did you do all of
this on your phone so no okay so you got
the alert and then you ran into your
computer I did okay okay and um
basically it dropped me on a page that
was like Hey reset your password
and it's one of those things where I
like to think I like to think that I am
better than this for real I I like to
think that I I can do better than this I
know better than to click a link in an
email you navigate to the site manually
and reset your password that way so this
is the so John Hammond a uh he's a
YouTuber who does hacking and security
content um I shared some of the details
in the email with him and then he did
this like really sick Deep dive so I'm
going to kind of go along with your
story with with breadcrumbs that John
Hammond has so this is this is uh
actually just the screenshot from you so
this is the email that was sent to lonus
it shows like the location being Russia
which for most people is going to
instantly click is like something is
very wrong it says that uh this account
has logged in and then there's a link to
secure your account now yep um and then
when you clicked that link it would have
brought you here yeah here we go yep
right here so that's how they got the
password and then once I entered it
here's a quick question when you entered
it did it say that it was
wrong uh I don't think so I don't
remember because when John Hammond was
poking through the site he found that it
will automatically tell you that you
entered it wrong because they can't
actually check yeah so they tell you
it's wrong so that if you did actually
enter it wrong you'll hopefully correct
it interesting and they're just trying
to gather as much info as that's
possible that's possible but like the
thing is I they caught me at exactly the
wrong moment and that's that's what I
was that's what I was about to say cuz
like I'd like to think that I'm better
than this and smarter than
this but I had just lit the grill oh it
was hot I was supposed to go and get
food to put on
it there was kind of no one else to to
do that um it was It was kind of
ivonne's event and and so I didn't want
her to have to to have to cook and so I
was like I was
Russian thanks um
and I was like okay well I just need to
get this locked down nothing else
matters other than just like getting it
locked down I don't ultimately I think
part of it is I I don't really care
about the Twitter account I think
there's a combination of things going so
so uh distracted time pressure from the
barbecue y there's the don't care as
much about the Twitter account like I've
had multiple conversations in the last 6
months about just not bothering with it
anymore we don't get a ton of Engagement
there compared to um Instagram compared
to Tik Tok um our social team has mostly
been redistributed within the company
anyway because we're looking at it
going what is the ROI here exactly like
tweets yeah um and Twitter's been a big
part of that because it just it just
doesn't move the needle for us we can
tweet about a new video and we'll get
like four referrals like okay why why
why are we even why are we even
bothering with this um so the the the
last one which I think you mentioned at
one point in time publicly was that with
the YouTube hack there was some
takeaways and one of the takeaways was
act
quickly so I I think taking those things
combined it was a bit of a perfect storm
sorry keep going yeah so so basically
the next thing it prompted me for was my
uh my TFA which if I thought about it no
I don't need my TFA to reset my password
because it should just go to my email to
reset my password so what started
happening was um at some point I I made
it to my desktop I don't know if it was
immediately that sorry I'm going to I'm
going to timeline us a little bit sure
so this is the page um not on your
screen sorry this is the page that you
would have gotten after you entered it
one time um so maybe that is where I
went to desktop then cuz I don't
remember exactly like it was happening
really fast yeah yeah um um there's
there's a couple okay actually I'll go
into ways that you could have figured
out that it was wrong actually once
we're done so this page comes up and
then the two Factor page comes up
which uh I'll find that you keep talking
yeah so basically what I'm I'm not going
to get into too many details cuz as you
can tell I'm fuzzy on it I was
distracted and I was in the middle of
something but what started to happen was
I started to get real password reset
things that I was also doing mixed in
with some of the fake stuff yeah and
that's where I got really
confused because I would I would get I'd
get a I'd get a real password reset
email but like it wouldn't work but then
that's so confusing because it was
clearly still tied to my email by that
point that real password reset email was
probably the hacker setting things over
but those emails are still going to you
that makes sense I never really thought
about that
so long story short I got disc
confabulated and I guess it happens to
me once every eight years that's the
last time I got fished when's the last
not eight years ago no the last time the
last time I got uh Bamboozled into
clicking something on an email was the
last time I lost control of the LTT
channel so oh that's really old that's
older than that's older than eight years
ago hold on a second I'm going to find
out when it was closer to like 12 or 13
in the meantime why don't you walk us
through this and all the ways that this
really it this hurts right because I
know very well I know better if you sat
me down and told me I'm going to give
you like a security test and you asked
me hey if you a password rece email
should you click the link I'd be like no
yeah no you should navigate to the site
manually I've even heard you say this
before just to back you up um so first
off uh if you really want like oh hold
on a second while you're while you're
hosting this part you're going to eat
Humble Pie I'm going to bring out a
special treat for the show this is my
Humble Pie uh which was meant to be a
surprise for my co-host that I will be
that I will be eating Humble Pie on the
show today well you announced it earlier
in but I also talked about it earlier on
the show now so I'm going to I'm going
to get this going a because I deserve
this um B because it's the right thing
to do um when something like this
happens the best defense we have is to
own it publicly own it use it as a
teachable moment um so that hopefully
someone else will avoid a similar attack
and uh reason number three cuz I'm
actually really hungry and I could
really use some pie right now I've
actually had kind of a hard week nice
nice um you want some pie I assume not
but I should offer it Dan would you like
some pie uh yeah sure I thought you were
going to just eat the whole thing on Wan
show no yours doesn't have to be humble
yours can be just blueberry pie
blueberry only mind's humbleberry pie I
mean I can go leak the the Twitter
account again if you want then I can
have some pie that would stupid pie
malicious
pie 3.1 for I fired 31 no unin
Employment Insurance P yeah yeah uh if
you want the the best public breakdown
of this there's a couple but if you want
the best one I would check out the the
fishing website that hacked Linus Tech
tips video from John hammed that he
posted two days ago I'm not going to
play it for the stream because you
should check that out what I will go
through a little bit though is his
Twitter thread which is also a good
breakdown of events but not as good as
his video his video has extra little
tidbits including a conversation that
John Ham had with the person who did
this to you oh nice that's included in
the YouTube video so you should go check
that out it's a really tell interesting
conversation um John Hammond was was
quite diplomatic about it I think in in
an attempt to try to get more
information but didn't get a ton of
information but there's an interesting
back and forth that happens including
some
like it's it you should go watch it it's
really good uh Dan I
um I went I fell just short of putting
this in a blender but I think they
heated this up or something cuz it's
falling apart that's okay my mouth does
that anyway here's your
pie he's not
wrong thank you very much um okay so I'm
going to go somewhat through this
Twitter thread um this we can't see in
this screenshot but the the sender email
or the the from for email was like
x-
login.com or something can I interrupt
for a moment can I inter project the
email you're referring to as xom.com
is sorry no
um I don't remember exactly when it
happened anymore but at some point in
the interest of simplifying the UI
mobile mail clients stopped showing the
email address by default there's a lot
of things about this when did this H
when did that happened cuz it was years
ago and why yeah I don't know probably
space savings like couldn't condensing
things
um I remember thinking it was stupid
back then and I I own part of the
stupidity I I hold on let me get my
Humble Pie let me get my Humble Pie I
own part of the stupidity here but can
that not be a thing like why is that a
thing that would have definitely helped
because I would have seen that it would
have been front and center hold on hold
on I'm I'm also going to get that date
for you um of the previous the the
YouTube One from way back yeah I legally
think it was like 12 years ago or 13
years ago um but yeah okay all right
carry on carry on Luke's laptop Luke's
laptop the from which isn't on screen
right now but the from was info@ x-login
check.com so that's your first if if you
check that um that's your first flag
that something's going wrong there's a
couple other things that are wrong with
the email but it's going to be really
hard for you to be able to tell this is
not an exact carpon copy of x's actual
we noticed a login it's pretty close but
it is different um but if you highlight
over this secure your X account now um
that's the next kind of somewhat easy
tell that this is wrong uh because the
link that it went to is this one this u
458272 38. c. sendgrid.net and then it
wasn't uh an an x.com domain so that's
that's another give give away once we
get to the website itself this page
uh there's a few things wrong with this
page already
um old password is a little bit weird um
all these Links at the bottom aren't
actually links that was a fun one that
was figured out is that these don't go
anywhere they're just text that you can
highlight with your mouse they don't
they don't do anything and this like old
password new password new password is
kind of a weird way of writing this out
this is like kind of
a weird English way of doing this also
some of the UI design just like doesn't
feel 100% right but it's not super
obvious it's just thanks for throwing
that in for me it's just a little it's a
little weird um moving
forward uh he like looks into the this
is really interesting he looks into the
actual code figures out how things
actually work finds the API requests
different things like that finds that
the comments are all in Turkish
um does some more poking around where is
the login failed here it is okay here's
the next one when your first login
fails every login that you do here is
not real when it actually works it just
offboard you to X's actual website
because it's like whatever we have
nothing to do with you anymore um but
after the first time you put in your
data it's going to ask you to do it
again and it's going to say that it's
wrong at this point in time you've
already given them your information
like you're I don't think you've given
them your two Factor at this point but
you're already kind of screwed things
that stand out here though even if this
image loads I think the reason why this
image didn't load at the time was
because the account was set to private
so I think when you did it the image
would have loaded uh to be clear it just
didn't load for John Hammond um this
change password button actually going
flush against this bottom line is
probably not something that um
developers would have done there but
also look at things like this your old
password is incorrect space comma space
please double check it no punctuation um
nice little things like that can can tip
you off that something's going wrong um
I don't know if he has the screenshots
of it in this thread I know it's in
the video um but when it asks for the
two- Factor code yeah it it says
twac um it doesn't uh yeah I don't think
it's in here dang interesting um but he
he has it in the video but the the text
for the two factor is like pretty bad um
cuz it just says like twac and it's it's
all written oddly um but really like the
easiest way to get around this stuff and
an and an automatic default and you
should apply this to a lot of different
scenarios not just potentially fishy
emails um is when you're warned about
something like this like if your bank
calls you and they're like oh my
goodness something terrible has happened
say tell me what number I can call you
back at no yeah and then you check it
then you Google you can check it if you
want but you just Google the number and
call them anyways you don't you never
call the one that they tell you on the
phone unless you Google it and it
matches perfect matches yeah yeah yeah
um or like sorry extension is what I
would is what I would ask okay you need
to be able to get back in touch with the
person obviously but you don't don't
talk to them yet yeah don't talk to them
on the phone you want to be the person
who reached out and you want to be able
to verify the contact that you're going
to reach out to them at um through
entirely your own methods don't listen
to them telling you to Google as
specific thing in order to find them
don't don't do any of that stuff find it
completely on your own in this case what
you do is it's oh there's a weird breach
with my X account close that email load
up X the app if you're on your phone or
go to the X website directly yourself on
desktop and then reset it that way this
is one of the things that really screwed
me here I'm not logged into that
account on any of my
devices not a single one so sorry I want
to I want to point this out really quick
some full chat said you don't even trust
that the caller ID is valid that is true
it's you can absolutely fake caller ID
don't trust it at all no matter what it
is and then find another way to reach
back out to so if I had been logged in
to my Twitter
account I would have just used the app
to sign out all other
sessions yeah but I wasn't
yeah what what threw me off was that you
had said that you didn't click anything
in the email so I didn't I didn't think
it was fishing so I was trying to figure
out like what the heck would have
happened because from my perspective I'm
trying to think about like
okay I mean the first thing everyone
assumes I'm at Defcon was it
me right but I can rule that out pretty
quick because nothing weird is happening
to my stuff and if they got into any of
my things why would they go after the X
account it's like one of the least
valuable things I have access to there
is so many bad things that could be done
like that doesn't make any sense to me I
so okay so I rule that out pretty quick
say you didn't click on a link okay so I
rule out fishing turns out it was
fishing but I rule out fishing at the
time then I'm trying to figure out okay
if they got into like our password
manager again why would they go after
Twitter or X or whatever it's like it's
It's oddly low value compared to the
other things that they would able to get
if they had uh these other potential
attack vectors so I came down to
assuming poor Sammy I came down to
assuming that like Sammy logged into the
account from a personal computer that
was comp or something cuz I was like
that's really the only route I can think
of that would have worked for this and
my brain is just completely on fire
trying to figure out like what the heck
how did this happen um and then uh I
think it was John Hammond reached out
and was like Hey it kind of looks like
it's fishing and he pointed out a few
reasons why and then these are again
things that wouldn't have been super
obvious um in the moment but are ways
that he was a able to verify that it was
a fishing email later um so one this
Android thing is not an Android
version so that's interesting um oh no
that looked
like yeah yeah yeah um
6942 he also noticed when he did get
emailed by them um that the Android
version changed so he thinks it's just
like a random number or something not
entirely sure uh and then if you look up
the X login account device email thing
or or make it happen somehow it is a
little bit different so he could he was
able to verify that it was a fishing
email there so I looked back into it um
and I had lus send me the email and then
I was oh yeah okay I realized before I
even clicked send to you that I was done
I like a
crap absolutely
wrecked yeah someone asked how many
followers does the LC Twitter account
have they could just want exposure um
sure but again if they had any of these
other methods why just take the ex
account if you had our password manager
you could take the X account you could
take the Instagram account you could
take the YouTube account and then hit
all of them at the same time um like
just taking the S account is pretty low
value if you have like actually breached
um things that we have but if it's it
makes sense that if it would be a
fishing
account but yeah I don't know um so yeah
that's the that's the the fishing topic
um nice be be vigilant watch yourselves
um always
Vigilant yeah yep and check out John
Hammond's video cuz it's fantastic
yep uh all right apparently it's time
for us to do some merch messages it's
not it's not I don't know what it's but
go up to the fishing Topic at the very
top there's
this oh uh oh then announce oh yeah hey
oh yeah we have do you want to want to
go to the thing uh sure
so uh do I have to read all right you
know what no no no no no hold on let me
get some of the pie getting some of the
humble
pie eating The Humble
Pie what better way to commemorate minus
getting got then with a limited edition
t-shirt and Hoodie uh these are print to
order so um yeah the these are these are
mockups of what the design will look
like but you guys know we do we do a
great job of our merch um
got
fish is it the the whale land whale but
without the jewelry yeah which we know a
whale is not a fish calm down um yeah
yeah yeah designed by Sarah these are a
reminder to always be vigilant about the
emails you receive clearly it can happen
to the tech Tippi of us thank you for
that team but the best part is we are
donating all of the profits from the
shirt and Hoodie to the Electronic
Frontier Foundation
a nonprofit which defends internet civil
liberties it says Luke should be able to
talk more about the or since he picked
it they are now available at
lm.
gotfish if you Google e uh you're
probably not going to get the the eff
that we're talking about uh so
Electronic Frontier Foundation yeah so
look that up not the acronym um but yeah
they they they seem pretty cool to me I
don't know a huge amount about them but
they they have like three different
parts of their organization I don't
remember them exactly one of them is a
legal base where they try to jump in on
certain trials and um help in whatever
kind of way benefits civil civil
liberties for people because their
biggest thing is I I don't remember what
they call it but it's where they try to
jump in on cases where like precedent is
being set cool and they try to make sure
that the right precedent is being set in
these cases um they so develop things so
if I remember correctly correctly it's
like privacy Badger or something is made
by them which is cool um and there's
there's other stuff that they do that's
that's cool as well we were trying to
pick a like kind of somewhat hacker
Centric organization so thought this
made sense cool yep um so we're we're
going to we're going to turn this L into
a w as best we can um while you're on
the store this week we've actually got
some pretty exciting new product
oh my goodness they've got a whole
they've got a whole thing for me okay so
first of all scribe
drivers which I wish we'd called the
write off but hey the name is done the
packaging is printed uh we're going to
the lonus cam scribe drivers our pens
that are made out of failed screwdriver
shafts from our original supplier that
kind of jerked us around screwed us over
I think that's the word I was looking
for um they are not knurled enough for a
screwdriver
but they are knurled enough for a
wonderful little writing Implement with
a cool uh bolt action uh pen action so
you guys can check that out we've got uh
10,000 in stock which is a which is a
lie uh because we actually have
yesterday before end of the work day we
were already around 50% of that yeah I
know uh hold on hold on% or something
let me check let me check so if you guys
are wanting to get in on this shipment
of scribe driver you might want to move
pretty fast because we've already sold
through 6,200 of them and we restocked
them yesterday a little before noon I
think so cool um yeah go check it out it
takes standard uh it takes standard ink
things from what what are their names
again lmg Dogg pen here you
go uh where is it yeah Parker G2
refills these have been really popular
reviewed really well uh from our first
shipment people are are freaking loving
this thing are you guys going to carry
the
refills uh no I don't think so cuz
people could just like order them from
Amazon or wherever like uh I maybe maybe
not I don't know and you can use
whatever you want yeah like that's the
thing right I that was kind of the whole
point is we're not selling you a
subscription for a pen we're just
selling you a pen and you can put
whatever refills whatever color whatever
whatever it is you like I'm just
thinking if I if I want this pen long
term I might buy the pen and some
refills I know thing but then we have to
like find a supplier for refills you're
not you're not wrong I the team knows
okay yeah yeah they're they're they're
working on it but either way you can get
refills from wherever you want cool um
oh apparently we changed the print on
the boxes from gloss black to white to
make it read a bit more easily anyway
it's available with a brass or stainless
steel accent and uh enjoy the bigger one
is guys the laptop bag
oh finally the laptop bag is finally
here have you actually been Hands-On
with it yet never genuinely not once
which terrifies me cuz that's he always
uses this as a way for me to show it off
and I don't know what I'm doing every
time he's the worst Vanna ever yep and I
kind of love it about
it here it is oh it's full of stuff meet
the offsite we're going to the loot cam
okay here we go oh yeah it's an offsite
storage reference ha or off-site work
reference I mean I wasn't involved in
the naming on this one at least it's
better than what we normally do which is
which would have been laptop bag laptop
bag yeah so you know what baby steps um
baby steps any who we're going to the
loot cam uh even though it looks like
one it is not a sleeve it holds way more
and already wants us to zip the laptop
pocket open which is the one on your
left the one by the the one by the
little handle okay I was inspecting the
zippers for a second okay so first
you've got a laptop pocket it opens up
way deeper than that sir does it oh no
that one doesn't no no no yeah the other
one does sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
first you get the laptop pocket which is
lined in micro Suede and is divided into
two sections one where most laptops will
fit and then the other is a snug pocket
for smaller laptops and
devices okay he wants you to zip the
laptop pocket back up wow R's got all
these instructions and everything direct
instruction he knows both of you very
well he works for Creator warehouse now
our old uh social lead um okay but B one
but then you unzip the primary storage
compartment no one can see what you're
doing luk God just how do I even un the
unzip the primary storage compartment
okay you got to unzip it all the way and
there's a pocket for just about all of
your smaller electronics and accessories
dude this is crazy like the number of
laptop sleeves and stuff that don't have
a a place to hold a charger is absolute
Madness to me that's the mouse pocket
okay it's the big one this one so you
can hold a real charger you can hold a
real freaking charger anyway we're
supposed to highlight the laptop charger
pocket the mouse pocket okay cuz like we
understand we understand and respect
that you need to carry a mouse we've got
our cable
Loops um there's a micro suede tablet
sleeve so you can carry a tablet around
with you as well and we even have a
hidden air tag pocket did you catch for
oh yeah there I only knew that was there
because he showed me before the show but
this thing which could hold a scribe
driver um you can like roll that away
and then fit it in in there best thing
about it is everything's in sight
everything's easy to reach no rumaging
around inside your bag and then there's
a smaller pocket at the front it was
just a lot bigger of a book than I
expected heck yeah uh there's a smaller
pocket at the front you can close it um
for like passport or wallet or any small
objects oh whoa there's individual
little sley things in here as well go
heck yeah so I've seen a lot of people
commenting that it's really expensive I
like yes do you know how much those YKK
zippers cost do you know how much all
these pockets and all of this
construction cost I don't I don't make
the rules um it's one of those
conversations we've had a lot of times
expensive versus overpriced yes it's
expensive no it's not overpriced um all
right let's go back to the loot cam you
also have another pocket in the the back
here that magnetically opens and closes
so that that pocket that that was in is
magnetic which is kind of nice cuz it
just will hold it closed and pulls out
the shoulder strap so this has a wide
padding that's very similar to the
straps that you'd find on the LTT
backpack and it secures onto the laptop
bag with two locking carabiners uh if
you're not into that it is completely
detachable uh available in two sizes
small and large for $99.99 check out
which one your laptop fits through the
size guide lm. slaptop Bay yeah so if
you were tossing this in like another
bag or or just wanted to carry it by the
carry handle that I don't know if we
mentioned um you could take this thing
off with the Locking carabiners and then
repurpose this back sleeve for whatever
else I guess
yep um considering that they're not
shipping yet so they're expected to
start shipping by the end of this month
uh these are actually moving pretty well
I'm very very excited a luggage strap
yes oh yeah cool right yeah it's it's a
pretty featured laptop bag it's like
the a lot of people saw our backpack and
we're like who the heck is this for and
then the tens of thousands of people who
know what it's for bought it and loved
it this is like the same kind of deal
it's the same kind of deal it's the
laptop bag for people who have actual
like [__] work to do and have stuff
they need to carry you know like she's
she's kind of thick when she's loaded up
actually if you kind of show that's
that's with a laptop and a tablet and
the Charters and The Mouse and the books
and and the shoulder strap and
everything like it's not Harry Potter
technology it but it can get relatively
thin yeah things things take up space
but it's uh it's designed to be able to
fit stuff very very very very excited to
be launching this one uh webbing on the
sides um I don't think you would call it
webbing but they're like Loops there's
Loops here yep so and right here there's
another loop it's currently being used
for the the um luggage strap but this
luggage strap is Velcro so you could
remove it if you weren't going to use
that feature cool right and then it's
the same two loop on the other side so
if we ever have accessories they might
attached to the loops there or or or you
could just hang cute little you know
crystals or figurines off of it I don't
care I suspect that'll be the most
common use Cas yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah but cool what is the max size of
laptop uh we have a size guide on the
site cool yeah go check it out um I
wanted so badly for it to fit the
framework 16 with the GPU hump but it's
the weirdest shaped laptop ever and I
was like sorry framework I love you guys
very much but it's not going to fit in
our laptop bag yeah yep I know guys I
know believe it or not my investment in
framework does not actually guide the
decisions we make as a company if it did
that would be a big problem
yeah um all right what else we got what
you want to talk about oh oh we're
supposed to explain merch messages all
right so yeah if you were going to order
something hey now's the perfect time to
leave a merch message don't do super
chats don't do twitch bits do merch
messages because that way you can throw
money at your screen you can interact
and interact with us and support the
show and you can also get great products
in the mail so all you got to do is go
to LTT
store.com and in the cart you'll see a
little box that gives you the option to
fill out a merch message it'll go to
producer Dan hey look there he is wow
he's real I mean this could be
pre-recorded Dan prove it's not PR
recorded
hi see if I leave this long enough it'll
Loop it actually is
pre-recorded no I can't H so it'll go to
producer Dan who will reply to it
himself forward it internally uh pop up
your message down there like that or
well that's his message what what are
you who you replying to who are you
replying to thick what are you even
talking
about anyway or liked it or he'll send
it to me Luke for uh as a curated merch
message and we'll talk about it on the
show what do we got Mr Dan oh well we
have loads of merch messages coming in
today we've had so many people buy pens
oh it's pens it's pens it's a lot of
pens we've done how many how many
though Luke how many
though do you know how many pens yeah
just through hold out your hold out your
arm and I'll write how many there are
okay use the pen okay here we go where
do you where do you want want in inside
yeah
okay oh no I know what's happening I've
just embraced it at this point Luke you
[__] I mean I got F but at least I
didn't fall for that I only got it when
you started writing on his hand I was
like what does he mean how many why
would oh man okay oh I honestly the
second show the people yeah that many
pens 15 15 pens 15
pens the second the second he started W
I was like I Just Happening Now there's
no point what the first line is there
like it's better to dis Embrace yeah
yeah
exactly you know I actually feel a
little better are you sure you wouldn't
like some Humble Pie it wrote no I'm
good I I deserve it but I I I don't uh
it wrote pretty well for on on yeah it
comes with a quality refill out of the
box um but then you can put in anything
you want after you put in a crappy one
if you really want uh if we ever do a
promo on the pen it should totally be
pen 15 15%
off oh man uh all right uh yeah so yeah
we're probably going to do are we a pen
company now I know right like what the
heck dude I don't even understand what
even kind of what what even kind of
company are we do you know how many of
those PTM 7950 thermal pads we sell
probably a ton on a random day like
earlier this week we didn't have any
promos running we didn't have any
product launches or anything we sold a
100 units of that just like do you think
it could be like Builders just in one
day yeah like so what I'm saying is like
are there single orders of a bunch of
them oh that I don't know cuz that would
be interesting to me cuz I know they can
just be like really annoying to get you
know what our timing was great because
even though it took us forever from the
video we made about it to getting it in
stock uh there was a recent article on I
think it was Igor's lab where he was
breaking down like bad thermal paste
that GPU manufacturers have been using
and then he used PTM 7950 or maybe it
was a separate article about PTM 7950
hold on I'm just going to bring it up
uhm
7950 either way he's been he's been
talking about it there you go not so
overhyped um they are they are freaking
awesome so it's been like in the news
and being discussed a lot especially
lately and as far as I can tell we are
like no one ever mentions us for some
reason which is weird but when people go
looking for it we are like the goto for
reasonably priced well- packaged PTM
7950 um someone in chat said I bought
seven of the smaller pads when they were
on sale there you go yeah 750 but I'm
just wondering if there's if there's
like actual professional builders that
are just getting it from there like cuz
I don't know maybe they buy much larger
sheets combat gem says for the PTM
there's a cooling dude on YouTube who
does consoles and stuff who talked about
your PTM and how it's just easier to get
and you know it's the right stuff
without going through China like that
was my big problem when we were trying
to get it to make our video finding a
reput a reputable source for it was a
nightmare and I was like this is just
this is stupid because this is a quality
product from a brand that everybody
knows if you've never heard of Honeywell
like you've been probably living under a
freaking fridge that was made by them
like it's like they're just one of those
companies that makes everything right
and it seemed so ridiculous to me that
counterfeits existed of a stupid thermal
pad and that not only did they exist but
they were so convincing while not having
the performance characteristics that it
was almost impossible to determine which
one was good and which one was bad and I
was like okay well we just need to get
in touch with honey well which by the
way is a lot harder than you would think
like Honeywell does not care about your
$50,000 order of thermal
pad zero this is the number of FS that
they give about our business but
fortunately it was I I believe it was a
connection through a viewer who worked
for a distributor who was able to get in
touch with honey well so that that was
how we were ultimately able to get
definitely absolutely TTM 7950 yeah and
uh yeah super cool so what kind of
company are we are we a thermal Pad
Company we sell 100 thermal pads a day
Luke you sell pads and shafts that's all
you sell a
day you're a weird
person I'm not the one who said that
you're the weird person it's
true all flat and round that's the two
things you s cloes only two two shapes
two shapes two shapes flatter round
flatter
round lumpy okay less than 100 a day
less than 100 a day in the last seven
days uh
572 is this is this seven days yeah this
is s
days why what just some of these things
there's just a lot of them dude LTD
stores are real business yeah yeah wow I
know right it messes me up every time I
look into fact the fact that at one
point in time we a water bottle company
and there's no water bottle up there oh
yeah there's one most of our water
bottles are out of stock it's a long
story but oh yeah that's part of it um
and then we were we I think we were a
water bottle water bottle company and
then we weree a mouse pad company yeah
and then overnight we became a
screwdriver company and also a backpack
company like at a very similar time they
launched almost at the same time man I
still can't looking back that was
stupid I ordered $
100,7 $ screwdriver what the [__] was I
thinking I mean it worked out I know but
it was crazy
yeah that one to be fair that one had a
lot of like lore behind it the logo for
the channel and like all this kind of
stuff what if it wasn't good yeah what
if project Farm had reviewed it and been
like yeah it's a piece of [__] that
would have suck like I the the number of
people that I've seen you know
criticizing the price or whatever it's
like yeah criticize it all you want but
the reality of it is to make a high
quality product like that with licensed
patents from companies that develop
products that you could patent stuff
like it it's not like it's cheap it's
not like I could just turn around and
and liquidate them for $10 that
it no it's it's just an expensive
screwdriver and I'm sorry that's just
the way it works um so if project Farm
had been like yeah it's rubbish that
would have been it I would have been
done what's what's this video at now oh
I don't know I haven't looked at it in a
long time the last time I looked at it
which was quite a while ago it was cook
um
see 4.1 million he's got a million on
the stubby
dude that's that's
wild if you're wondering why these
aren't watched uh it's just cuz we're on
like the W the way accounts that's
crazy uh no that's not even that's not
even oh no I use my this isn't my
personal I use my personal to watch
YouTube cuz I have premium
um yeah and like look like he's not the
only opinion that matters obviously but
he is an influencer in the truest sense
of the word yeah where he influences
yeah I feel like he probably wouldn't
love that um but I just because of the I
don't mean it in the derogatory sense
yeah because the association that it has
with things but I I understand what
you're saying and I do agree I he's
someone who other people go
to for the advice they give to anyone
that is that is influence with a capital
I yeah and so he was terrifying I knew
about project farm from from years
before he he reviewed the screwdriver um
I I I don't remember why I think I found
like a a video that he did on jeans or
something yeah sure I don't I don't
remember what it
was but yeah this is crazy guy guy
covers like everything counterfeit tool
batteries like knife sets I'm just
looking through what he's done lately I
haven't checked out the channel in a
little while like the best trash bag
it's like yeah I need to know that yeah
why not I should probably watch that one
need to know what's a good trash bag how
else how else will I throw away my trash
effectively I mean who who likes garbage
juice who likes garbage juice getting
all over your floor I hate that I hate
that it sucks do in the apartment
building all the time it's gross yeah so
so I don't mean any disrespect when I
say influencer I mean one who is
influential he has influenced me y um so
yeah that was that was pretty scary have
have we really spent all this time Yik
yacking without actually doing a merch
message Dan Dan can you confirm I I uh
yeah the the longer that I'm not doing
merch messages the more merch messages
there are so I'm not really too bothered
to be perfectly honest cool good chat
goodbye can we do a merch message though
I was going to say we actually do need
to do one more yeah let's do like a
couple I think okay hi D I work at work
I use an identity vetted email service
it has zero spam mainly because of the
vetting process would you consider
identity vetting if it meant an end to
cheating in video games oh oh wow that
took was not what I was expecting
either I I think at at a
certain like you know how they have like
casual ranked if they had like casual
ranked competitive and competitive had
like identity vetting I think i''d be
cool with
it I would do it no question yeah I had
someone actually email me after the
fishing thing yeah I was I was gesturing
with my head can still read it nice
you're just tuning in
now he's an Enthusiast it's his new
tattoo he got it from lius was a
gift oh man he got it 15 times oh yeah
um
any I had I had someone reach out to me
um they're like a security they're like
a security researcher they do Security
Solutions um yeah basically they were
like hey yeah so here's all the here's
all the stuff that I was able to dig up
on you uh you know do you want to know
do you want to know more about this and
here's some potential insights and um
you know here here you can have a look
at you can here's a here's a device you
used in 2019 and uh here's apps that
that you've installed and here's this
and here's that and I'm just like thanks
all of that's public you can probably
find more info on me on Rocket reach if
you really want it my privacy's dead and
he's like no it's not dead it's not dead
it's not dead I'm just
like dud it definitely is though uh oh
dude dude it's so dead it's so dead man
like it's dead it's been dead for a
while it's been dead for a long time I
mean I have lived so much of my life on
the internet at this point like every
once in a while I think about it um
someone will talk about like OG you know
YouTubers or whatever that are still
active dude it is getting to the point
where there aren't that many it's
genuinely from like very small amount my
era I was at I was at Defcon over the
weekend and one of the things that
happened was some people that we were
hanging out with didn't know like who I
was so I would explain uh and they'd be
like oh cool like when did you guys
start that and I'd say the hero they
would just be
like like what what I'm like yeah not
actually the beginning but like at this
point it might as well be yeah the
funniest thing about that is when I got
started on YouTube I thought I sure it
was too late yeah I was like no it's too
late yeah like everyone's already
established at this point I'll never
catch up like I'll be Irrelevant in the
tech space forever um same thing with
twitch man you look at you look at the
popular twitch moves faster in regards
to pushing people to irrelevancy you
look at the top like x amount of
creators on Twitch even from like a year
ago or two 3 years ago and it's
completely cycled y I mean the whole
like whoever like x x fell off you know
asterisk fell off it's it's it's a meme
at this point yeah oh only X number of
viewers blah blah bro fell off right
like it's someone told me recently about
the like the fiveyear rule where it's
like practically impossible for any like
influencer Creator whatever you want to
call it to stay at a at a high peak for
more than 5 years yeah do it I call it
the curve I've talked to you about that
before that's my that's my term for it
the curve has only one shape yeah that's
it I wonder how my curve is doing you
used to be able to see it all on social
blade because um that was before uh it's
one of the most annoying things YouTube
has done yeah YouTube um made them stop
displaying data that they collected via
the API that is over 2 years old so you
used to be able to look at the entire
lifespan of any channel and you could
see the entire like shape of the C curve
and it was
always well and the subscriber numbers
also weren't as like chunky this yeah
yep um hey hey hey hey look at this
though look at this we're going up guess
who's back back
again your hair is
blonde blond's back kind of works out
tell a
friend anyway yeah wait did you just get
an LTT store ad you probably didn't see
it but did happen I don't know I I don't
see ads you close the page yeah look oh
yeah look at that an ad nice that's not
a very good
ad we paid to show ourselves what's even
happening like you don't I can't even
fully tell it's an ad it's just like
what is even the point of it random
icons interesting so if I if I click a
specific product does it open that
product like tab yeah yeah do we even is
this water bottle even in stock I don't
oh oh it is yes
okay so it managed to pick a product
that's in stock that's something that's
good uh circuit desk pad yeah okay it's
a nice desk pad quality okay so it does
open the individual wait can you even
buy that is that is that a size we carry
what is this size oh okay oh sold out
okay well yeah make sense we're not
going to restock that size it's so small
yeah I mean it's adorable but no um oh
are we not bringing a circuit desk pad
back in oh well it'd be nice if I could
filter by stock is that something that
the store team could do like just so I
could say like show only in stock or
something uh I think so that would be
kind of cool uh can someone log that the
arrow on that drop down is also
uncomfortably close to the bounds of the
box but yeah I mean no professional web
developer would ever do that according
to your thing earlier oh that wasn't
that wasn't the thing that was wrong
that was wrong yeah yeah yeah yeah come
on
um oh Ary says you can you have to go to
all products well yeah but I I want to
be able to do it like on the individual
VAR that might be pretty annoying but
we'll I'll M we'll look into it yeah if
there's anything we can do that' be
pretty cool uh all right what are we
what are we supposed to be talking about
right now here's a second merch message
ah yes what about second merch message
did you need to be home by 9: yeah I was
not informed of this I was not informed
of this yes you were yeah you were like
halfway through the show no yeah
yesterday what
yeah who's on
first I'm just I'm I I I have no idea
what they did or didn't talk about I
don't care rud yeah get
wrecked I don't remember this now you're
wrecked on camera hey you want some more
of that pie I haven't finished this one
cuz I can't stop typing cuz I'm up to
187 now uh hey D I've been thinking a
lot recently about net books and I think
the form factor should return besides
their underpowered components why do you
think we haven't seen any
recently you know that's a funny
question um the usability issues with
netbooks went beyond the slow Hardware
because that's something that is totally
solved at this point you could make a
high performance computer in the in the
form factor of an Acer Aspire One at
this point uh throw like a like a AMD
Apu in there or something like that I
mean look at the size of something like
the steam deck absolutely you could make
a netbook but for me the usability issue
with the netbook was less to do with the
performance with those crappy Intel atom
CPUs and it was more to do with uh the
usability of it it's not like the it's
not like the form factor doesn't still
exist like companies like GPD
essentially specialize in building
products that address that market like
look at this here's the here's the win
Max uh 2024 Edition here let's just fire
that up I'm going click an add let's
go but there you can't oh no not that
one no no not the win Max hold on hold
on hold on hold on uh no the one that I
want
is uh is it the pocket micro PC I think
it's the wi four I think it's the wind
four let me have a look
here uh pocket three no not the win for
oh plus I can never remember their
product naming scheme where are the
hands for scale whatever the point is
that you can definitely get devices in
these form factors but what made Netbook
so special was that they were super
cheap yes that's what made them sell the
only reason why people really want the
only reason people cared so now that we
want performance that's decent they're
not that cheap and the usability issues
that existed for netbooks like their
little tiny screens and little tiny
keyboards those haven't gone away and I
think a lot of people were kind of tech
curious about the category and tried it
and realized once and for all that they
never need to do that again um there are
definitely careers that I could end up
in where I could be convinced to use a
book like device potentially uh there
was one really cool one that I think was
from GPD that had uh an input on it so
that you could actually use it as a
display and keyboard and mouse for a
device like as a as a mobile technician
or something like oh that'd be so
cool but anything I have to type on for
any reasonable amount of time I want it
to have a proper siiz keyboard and I
just I'd rather I'd rather save my space
this way you know and have a keyboard
then save my space this way and not be
able to type on the device because you
have to put the battery in it either way
it's going to have to have a certain
internal volume if you want to have
reasonable battery life this so this I
don't believe is a topic in the doc but
someone in full plane chat just
mentioned it and I'm going to just say
it out loud so you can look into it if
you want but uh apparently there was a 2
billion plus leak of personal uh date of
birth and Social Security numbers for US
citizens that happened uh there's not 2
billion sorry what it says 2B plus I
don't know that doesn't make any sense
doesn't make much sense to me either
unless maybe it includes uh numbers and
information of deceased people oh uh no
even then I don't think there's been
ever 2 billion Americans total isn't
there like over 300 million yeah so if
it cycled yeah that would be a lot of
times yeah no
okay um anyway big leak well would you
cut it in half uh 2.7 billion records
apparently it's uh yeah it's it's the
number of it's a lot more than half so
it's probably counting a record for a
full name a record for an address a
record for date of birth a record for
Social Security Etc yeah it's a lot a
lot of stuff like I said it's not a prep
topic I the number is definitely wrong
but a major record holder got hacked
essentially yeah okay yeah um the
records are inacurate okay cool well
yeah it'll include dead people changes
of address all kinds of stuff like that
got it uh Troy hunt apparently has a
Blog post about it that makes sense he
would do that all right want to talk
about super cool real estate dystopia
yeah all right uh this is a great
article that I read on the Atlantic
earlier this week um just a few months
after reports emerged that modern cars
were sharing information with auto
insurers a California woman had her home
insurance canceled because of Drone
footage um oh wait this is this two
different oh okay this is two different
things this is not the uh the the
Atlantic article so first is one from
pipic pixel um Joan Van Curran's
insurance provider of 40 years CSAA
dropped her home insurance citing
unacceptable hazards and liability
exposure van Kernan was told by a
representative that they flew a drone
over her house and concluded that the
Final Phase of her of her home
renovation project was hazardous clutter
now here's we've talked about this
before because this has happened to
someone else um but what's interesting
about this one to me is that her
insurance provider CSAA is saying hey we
didn't violate your
privacy we don't have drones we just
paid someone who did we used several
sources of information to assess the
condition of the property which could
include aerial imagery captured by
third-party fixed-wing aircraft and
satellites sick
and this is going to be a tenuous
connection but this kind of reminds me
of the Disney um okay the the Disney
case earlier where it's like look if
you're going to have your brand name on
it if you're going to have it as part of
your business practice at the end of the
day you know if you're Amazon and you're
going oh well those those mistreated
truck drivers or whatever they are they
don't work for Amazon isn't there some
amount of precedent for this um they're
contractors I mean that's why companies
contract so that they're not responsible
for the workers's conditions
so that if something goes wrong they're
not liable they can cut ties and just
walk away or maybe because they really
want to work with that person but that
person's in another country and then
that's the only way that it can work we
like our contractors hello or because
they live in Quebec and Quebec it's
complicated Quebec's a whole heck but
I'm not talking about hiring a
contractor here I'm talking about taking
an entire division of your business or
an entire role within your compan Contra
it to another Contracting it to another
company who then can treat those people
however and theoretically there's this
there's this layer of insulation between
your brand and your company and what
they're doing and it's like I I don't
understand why we allow that insulation
to
exist if you if your contractor is using
aerial footage to why are we getting
into this conversation about who who the
Drone belongs to who cares
yeah you are using Drone footage that
was collected which is technically legal
I guess but you're using Drone footage
to surveil someone's private property
and determine if they should be eligible
for insurance or not it's just it's
freaking dystopian that's the issue
although it's not nearly as dystopian as
this next one and look I am not a lawyer
I'm not a legal adviser so take
everything that I'm about to say for the
ignorant rants of a lay person that they
are but this one really upset me this
one's from the Atlantic here the
original article you should go read it
it's really good it's going to break it
down more than what we're talking about
but in other unfortunate real estate
news 30 to
60% of multif family building units in
40 housing markets are apparently using
property management software from the
company real page to adjust rent
prices okay so
far I guess right sure but Real Page has
been accused of antitrust violations and
price fixing due to their AI Revenue
management
algorithm see he's starting to I'm we're
starting to get some Twitches in the
thing basically Property Owners input
their unit prices and vacancy rates and
then the algorithm spits out a rent
recommendation based on what competitors
are
charging the loss suits actually
multiple lawsuits against Real Page and
there are lawsuits against similar
Services allege that the landlords
actually encourage their competitors to
also use the service why because if
they're all using it then everyone will
get better
results uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh and they
can collude without talking to each
other directly and they can all work
together to raise prices to sorry excuse
me let me use the correct term here AI
managed their
revenue this is flipping Wild and the
reason that I wanted to talk about this
is because the tech
bro cabal you know the the the tech
Elite whatever whatever you want to call
them the people who are out there doing
interviews and making arguments about
these AI agents or algorithms I don't
really think it's fair to call an AI
agent an algorithm I actually don't
really like that term because to me an
algorithm is something that can be
expressed as a function uh whereas
machine learning is not necessarily
simply expressed as a function you can
you can express um the desired outcome
you can express what the input was uh
but what you can't express is exactly
how it achieved that necessarily because
it's going to depend on how many times
it has adversarially reinforced itself
in order to achieve that outcome like
it's simple function though that that
narrative is used by companies that want
to well I'm getting to that they have no
control okay I'm getting to that here's
my problem is the people that are
getting out there and doing these
interviews making those arguments I'm
really glad you brought that up because
that's exactly where I was going with it
they've got to pick a [__] Lane
because on the one hand right they're
kind of going oh we couldn't possibly
know it's a black box it's a black box
we don't know how it works um we just
try to poke it and hope yeah we we we
just hope for the best right and
then when they want to when they want to
train it right uh when they want to use
um let's say copyrighted or otherwise
you know not legally available content
like say from YouTube channels or or
Netflix or whoever else well then now
all of a sudden well you know it's uh
it's oh wait this wasn't quite the
argument I wanted to make whatever okay
let's back up a little bit let's back up
a little bit so when they want to train
it okay the argument that they make is
that it's kind of like a person right
like anyone any any entity could have
consumed that content and learned and
everything that it that it produces from
that point whether whatever similarity
it Bears to what it learned from is just
like any any person would right but then
the legal
argument around this uh this price
fixing issue it does something that they
don't like it's not it's not it's not a
person it's just an algorithm yeah so
you got to decide which one it is yeah
does it behave like a person taking in
information from around it and then and
then Black Box doing its own thing with
it and it's
generative or is it an algorithm and
can't be held accountable for behaving
like a person would because that's the
argument that real p is making they're
basically saying that well because none
of these people are talking to each
other there is no single entity that is
bringing the entire thing together to
become collusion they're all just using
an algorithm that is suggesting things
to them based on information that it has
but the lawyers who are filing these
lawsuites argue that it like a person
who was acting as an intermediary has
private information
that it shouldn't have in order to give
those recommendations sorry it took me a
while to get there but basically we made
it my whole thing is like look you've
got to pick a lane you've got to decide
if they're people and therefore should
be allowed to intake any content they
want like a person would or if they're
just algorithms in which case well I
guess you can't really do that to to to
to train them they shouldn't be able to
take in that information either way it's
pretty clear to me that what real page
is doing is textbook collusion and price
fixing yeah it's just that the textbook
was written a long [__] time
ago yeah this is this is horrible I
I'm really hate corporate residential
investment
um but that's a story for another time
yeah and just again I'm not a lawyer I I
don't I don't know the law but what I do
know is this doesn't seem right yeah um
and I
am I I don't think it's cool
yeah anything else is there something
that's cool is there is there something
in here that's cool yeah our sponsors
hey the show is brought to you today by
Corsair maybe you're a fashion Pioneer
pushing the boundaries of style and
that's awesome good for you but even if
you're not it's easy to bring style to
your gaming setup thanks to our sponsor
Corsair with Corsair custom lab you can
create a gaming setup that is as unique
as you you are you could start with
something like their K65 plus wireless
keyboard and find the perfect set of key
caps that screams you from there why not
add a mouse and a mouse pad to match
your setup hey how dare they promote
their mouse pad on my show fine go for
it corser handles all the heavy lifting
for you just make your Custom Creation
they will build it and ship it right to
you super cool the show is also brought
to you by Squarespace if people
sometimes doubt your aesthetic choices
dang it why are we going after me so oh
okay it's not me this time yeah what's
up with the haircuts around here lately
have you noticed this it's it's a trendy
thing with the young ones these days
interesting um well I can't wait until
mullets are not trendy anymore again cuz
uh well I mean Elijah's is awful yeah
yeah yeah it's hard to look at man that
that one's maybe uh anyway our arti our
sponsor Squarespace ensures your site
will stand out in a good way they offer
tons of award-winning templates for all
all kinds of businesses whether they
have the business in the front and the
party in the back or the other way
around you can literally just drag and
drop designs with Squarespace blueprint
Ai and it's so simple even Dennis can do
it Squarespace is a lot more than just a
website builder too it comes with a lot
of features for your business they have
integrated optimized SEO tools that help
your site rank higher in search results
and with their new design intelligence
the AI can generate product can help you
generate product descriptions and
engaging email copy for your marketing
campaigns you can invoice your clients
directly on Squarespace keeping
everything on one platform and all you
got to do is click the link in the video
description to check them out finally
the show is brought you by the ridge are
you feeling awkward walking around with
a big bulgy pocket oh yeah you and you
and that p vter uh sorry excuse me it's
time to make your thing a little
daintier with our sponsor Ridge they
make their wallets even smaller now with
the new light series of wallets oh
apparently we have some yeah
they're durable so you can you can throw
them you can do that yeah okay cool oh
okay I get
it so they're smaller and lighter I mean
yeah I mean I guess that was already in
the talking board I actually I actually
haven't seen one of these yet um okay
okay so you're cards just stick out a
little bit
yep just like that it's a ridge wallet
it's got the uh the elastic band that
you can use as a as a like a money strap
thing and you get your cards out
actually some's even more easily now wow
that is that is about as minimal as it
gets uh you put your cards in I mean
it's a ridge wallet do I have to explain
what a ridge wallet
is okay fine rubber band rubber bands uh
elastic bands hard metal plates or
actually all kinds of different
materials they've got like carbon fiber
and all kinds of different stuff and it
holds your uh your card securely they've
got these little plastic pieces that
make it easy to slide cards in uh they
also have matching key cases with the
same materials as their wallets to keep
all of your keys secure in a small
profile and they come with a lifetime
warranty the best thing about Ridge is
you don't have to take my word for any
of it you can test drive it for 99 days
and if you're not satisfied you can send
it back for a full refund so head on
over to the link in the description to
save 10% and get free shipping with code
Wan all right what are we supposed to do
now Dan three merch messages you ready
Luke you are disassembling a ridge
wallet I am why cuz I'm trying to figure
out it's can you buy like swappable
plates I don't
know I took the plate off um they G they
gave you a screwdriver in the
box so you must be able to like swap the
plates um okay that's also how you get
to the strap Kon float plane chat says
I've 3D printed plates for mine that's
cool uh Elijah said it's to add the air
tag thing oh there you go cool
neat
cool thanks Luke no problem and also to
add the money clip oh okay uh Dan hit me
sure what's the most unexpected loss
leader you ever came up with either for
LTT store or lmg in
general oh uh the elemental t-shirt um
remember those shirts that just had LTT
logos in the top that was um that was
turning one of our biggest L's into a w
um because it turns out while people
weren't that into the design of just an
LTT in a random color on a shirt people
were super into the quad pack bundles
that we did of them at a really
aggressive price um people liked them so
much as a stupid loss leader item that
we actually intentionally did I think
either two or three rounds remember of
printing those shirts with the intention
of selling them for um I think by the
time we like everything was handled and
everything I'm I'm pretty sure they were
at a loss so um good job team um I mean
it is a thing that businesses do well
where they will buy something with the
intent of not making money on them with
the intent of losing money on them but
it doesn't happen that often for us
we're pretty small company we don't uh
we don't just buy stuff to lose money on
it generally speaking is isn't that like
the whole thing with the Costco food
yeah yeah vertisserie chicken the hot
dog yeah vertisserie chicken is a huge
one yeah
y I didn't even know that the road
history chicken was like a lost leader
thing until I I read some so cheap for
what they are you can't you can't buy a
uncooked chicken for for for Less crazy
and it's cooked and seasoned and
everything they're really nice this is
just a Costco sponsorship now Val herck
says the vertisserie chicken isn't a
lost leader really I that doesn't that
doesn't compute for me I I don't think
you're I'm not sure they say they don't
waste a single bit of it well yeah but
even then guys yeah but it's just a
chicken they just took a chicken and
they put it in a plastic container yeah
guys I I yeah I don't I don't know I'm
I'm pretty sure I'm I'm pretty sure um
in a 2023 earnings call Costco Chief
Financial Officer Richard galante said
Costco's rotisserie chicken is an
investment in low prices to drive
membership to drive sales in a big way
that's just a fancy way of saying loss
leader the back of the store like the
bathrooms for a reason yeah and uh the
next line of this is almost exactly what
lus said word for word is that's a fancy
way of saying that the product is a loss
leader yeah that's hilarious that was I
wasn't even going to say it and I was
like wait that's almost word um yeah so
yeah I mean I think it is or it might
even be a thing like maybe maybe they
profit like a tenth of a cent on each
one that's still kind of a lot leader in
a
way yeah because even just the
administration of having that is going
to make that automatically not worth it
y all right lmg continues it's assault
on my wallet lonus did you ever hear
from Big Time about sponsoring them uh
unless a deal is done you know I'm not
going to yeah I'm not going to talk
about it um what I will do is I'll
reiterate that we would love uh we'd
love to do a SP ship with big time
there's even if you know everyone agreed
in principle that that was a good idea
there'd be a lot of details to sort out
like you know let's say they were like
oh yeah sure sounds good uh how about $1
billion you know for a for a community
post you obviously we wouldn't move
forward with that so there's a and I'm
not saying they did that I'm just saying
there's a thousand reasons that
something might not go through even if
we'd like to and even if they'd like to
so I I'm very interested in it
personally but there's also other
stakeholders internally that need to be
convinced we we don't just operate based
on what lonus thinks is a good idea
anymore we have other leadership and
that's a good thing what a loss you're a
loss and a
[Music]
leader I don't I don't think I'm uh is
this loss yeah do would you call like
support departments and infrastructure a
loss leader in a company
oh uh they're known as the burden
Department yeah not lost leader but they
just cost the company M because a lost
leader actually has to have the
potential to generate profits elsewhere
yeah we don't come here for
infrastructure I think no but I think
that's true because I mean if we didn't
have a single
server well think about the
infrastructure Department think about
the accounting department no you're
called cost centers bment heard Warden
no I I know cost centers yeah yeah
that's a nice name yeah no you don't get
to be loss leader sorry I don't know if
cost center is a nice name I I prefer
burden Department because it's way more
offensive burden Department yeah like
you're a net drain on this company keep
doing your job but we're looking at you
it's like it's like oh I'm sorry for
being employed by you if you didn't have
us your company would implode but it
doesn't mean it's on your balance sheet
is anything
good investors what's this well that's
the entire Workforce that makes that
makes are well we got to get rid of them
we'll Outsource them and then the
company implodes that's basically what
that happens all the time yeah lay off
we'll just Outsource it you know we'll
get his the stop is doing poorly fire
everyone I love who who's going to fix
the company AI yeah that'll make the
stock go up what do we do when that
doesn't work I don't know that's some
other shareholders problem I'm okay I'll
get a golden parachute move on to the
next
one yay uh in the badon center is
definitely a cost center not a lost
leader yeah especially when it takes all
of our infrastructure people away I want
to do my job no I have good
news no it's good
news why you got to be such a
dick so I had a meeting with the city oh
no way I had a meeting with the general
manager of the city of sui I I can't
believe I haven't talked to you about
this I didn't know cities had general
managers sure do I thought it was just
mayor well I mean Mayors have staffs
they don't just do everything you sound
like one of our viewers who thinks that
I like it's the weed and harvest the
weed and bake the weed and like a little
red hen over here like no they they have
of course they have a whole team no
wheat oh it's the story of The Little
Red Hen I know I thought you said weed
did you not have children's stories the
Canadian version of The Little Red Hen
not the weed rolls the joints in a tiny
beak you don't bake the weed the weed
bakes you
never get eye in your own Supply
Linus okay so those eggs would be off
the chain
though from high
chickens okay like high chew but way
worse um had an important meeting yeah
so so we had a meeting with the general
manager of the city apparently cities
have and in much the same way that you
know I can't say with confidence oh
we're going to sponsor big time or you
know whatever I can't say with
confidence that we're going to be able
to move forward with whale lands at the
Badminton Center SL I'm just going to
start calling It smash jamps so that's
that's what it's called it's called
smash Champs um I'm not saying that
we're going to be able to move forward
but what I will say is that we had a
really constructive meeting um we
chatted for almost 2 hours so it was a
it's never a good sign when a meeting is
15 minutes um it is
almost there's like a there's like a
happy spot like how good of a sign it is
is if it's a 4our meeting it's probably
bad um so it was almost 2 hours
including two site visits so they went
to smash Champs and then they also came
here to the office to get an idea of you
know what our operation looks like um
for like land gaming and SL sport in the
city and then what our operation looks
like that pays for land gaming and um
sport in the city um in order to just
like get an idea of what we're about out
and I will tell you this at the end of
the meeting the question the summary
question was okay what do you need from
us to get these gaming events going
o that's a nice one it's not a guarantee
no there's you know red tape but it's
it's good red tape can't be immediately
you know cut necessarily no matter what
kind of position of power they're in but
this is really cool for me as a resident
of the city of Sur I've I've observed
many times over the years that there is
like [__] all to do here um and one of
the big problems is that our previous
councils uh like our city councils have
not prioritized it um yeah so to have
fun you have to travel out of the city
basic for a long time and what's cool is
one of the things that he said is that
in his 10 years working for the city um
this is the first Council that has come
to him with a mandate of hey figure this
out that's awesome actually yeah that's
very cool even not even just the impact
on Smash Champs like obviously I'm happy
about that but I'm also excited about
the idea of things to do being something
that the cities that are out here care
about I'm going to bundle in like
Langley suburbs carrying a little bit
more with like the Langley Event Center
and stuff but even that like unless
you're doing organized sport it's I mean
that helps that's cool I like LLY Event
Center I'm I'm for it but we need kind
of more stuff like that yeah 100% And
and it's it's it's funny because uh one
of the things that he also mentioned is
I forget what the time frame was but I
think it's sometime in the like next 10
or 20 years based on projections sui's
going to be the biggest city in the
province not Vancouver yeah I mean that
makes sense because Vancouver's already
built up and Siri's only Built out and
not even completely built out um and so
a major
inefficiency like the fact that we don't
the fact that they have like all the
sports arenas and like all the
Entertainment District and all that
stuff is sort of it's sort of like why
yeah why is why sorry why is Siri a
suburb of Vancouver like can like why
don't we just why don't we have cool
stuff to do here and I love that mindset
yeah that's super cool no it's great and
so yeah so I was talking to him and I
was just like look like I'm I'm I like
to live my life via improv rules right
and improv rules is you work together
and you can't say no
because no is not useful no doesn't give
your partner anything to work with and
we've encountered some some obstacles
within the bureaucracy and and the
answer could be a barrier that's so high
that it's effectively a no yeah but but
no is not helpful and so like okay one
of the concerns that was raised to us
was occupancy and we kind of went
okay so what's the limit there no and we
kind of go but what if we what if what
if okay what if as a requirement all the
bay doors are open during these events
cuz because there has to be a reason
rules exist for a reason so tell us the
underlying reason because if we don't
know the reason we can't address it so
so so it's fire code but with all the
bay doors open everyone can leave
incredibly quickly yes okay but that
isn't even the issue because sure I'm
just I'm just with the number of exits
we have I think we could do up to like
400 or something like that so that's not
even the bigger issue it's not what
we're cleared for now but looking at the
building it shouldn't be a problem got
it um the the big one is parking and we
kind of go okay but what if we worked
with our neighbors because these events
would be taking place outside of regular
business hours and this is an industrial
park so uh theoretically as long as we
clear it with them it should be no
problem to have tons of parking and
they're like no and we kind of go but
that's not that's not rational that's
not that's not a conversation that's
just well okay there's a there's a truck
parking place down the road like
literally half a block away or something
like three of a block away uh what if we
worked out a deal with them uh or we or
we hired out a parking lot a greater
distance away and we arranged a shuttle
Serv no so is the issue parking or is
the issue that you're just an obstinate
Fu what is what is the actual problem
going on here let me solve problems and
and talking to the GM um he seems like a
problem solver cool and he seems excited
to you w in that role problem Sol
and so that's that's my whole thing
right is sorry I didn't know your job
existed is yeah sounds like you're doing
it well so that's my whole thing is I
like problem solvers because this is
this is one of those things that is a is
a net obvious benefit to the city it
brings it brings dollars into the city
it brings uh attention onto the city
which is what they want they want to be
treated like a city not like a suburb of
some other city and so okay well then
you've got to have things happening
sur's also historically like the the
butt of jokes for for cities around here
and this type of stuff might be able to
help them Shake That reputation
absolutely Langley too Cloverdale all
around here but they've got to have the
right attitude they've got to have the
right attitude in order to make that
work and it just seems like we have
finally reached the level um where it's
stuff done it's a get her done attitude
instead of a follow the rules attit like
one of the things that we ran into is
that um in an industrial Zone you can
have Recreation but not
entertainment so you can actually get a
temporary use permit to do a Bingo
hul but you can't play computer
games and so that's one of those things
and yeah so the pro so that's one of
those things that's like clearly an
arbitrary distinction icky yeah yeah
someone somewhere in the bingo gaming
industry got that pushed through at some
point and and so I'm just kind of
sitting here going look uh there's a
there's a charity event that um Ivon and
I participated in where you can repel
off of one of the towers in Central City
that's cool yeah and so one of the
things that if they were if they were
seeming like they were going to be kind
of obstructionist one of the things that
I was going to bring up was like
look clearly you guys can do things if
if I can repel
down a tower in the middle of the city
if if they got a permit for that then
there's no way a permit to play video
games there's no there's no way I can't
play video games in a badminton gym yeah
right but I it didn't end up getting
there it didn't end up getting there
because it seems like and this is such a
relief because uh poor Dan and Shawn and
actually Jake too and uh the smash chams
team and everyone has been working
really hard to make these land gaming
events a possibility and for months now
we've been doing so with no solid
indication that the city is going to
yield and that they're going to allow us
to do it it's been like actually a lot
of work I live there now yeah I know the
the IT team yeah and the vast majority
of what they're doing there there is
some stuff there that is specific to
smash chs's functionality but the reason
it's so complicated the reason we have
access control everywhere the reason the
Wi-Fi is crazy overbuilt the reason that
we have fiber and power running
everywhere and all these terminations
the reason we have so many security
cameras is because I'm not worried about
a couple couple hundred rackets going
missing I'm worried about access control
and dividing a group that has $2,000
laptops from just random liil L that are
there playing badminton whatever else
like it was designed for us to be able
to run these events without the cost and
time of doing them in a non specialty
built facility yeah so we've really
thought about it from the very beginning
like how do we make this purpose built
for land gaming on this side without
interfering with the regular business
over here when we want to do these
events and
so hopefully that's that helps at least
Dan for now I mean I I I love it it's
fun to build things you know yeah but
it's nice if people use them after you
build them I enjoy the act of building I
don't care if it's seen or used by
anybody and it's very important to like
that you know I actually believe this I
don't I don't just just for other people
listening I don't think that I think
there's an additional benefit it always
is nice but it's not to be expected and
if you're out there doing something for
the validation from other people you
should probably look into why you're
doing it that's fair that's fair build
something for the joy of building it
won't it be nice if other people enjoy
it too yeah cuz it cost a hell of a lot
of money oh yeah there's there's that
there's a lot of that K pointed out uh
only an hour left of Luke time that's
not even true it's less than that cuz I
have to be home by that time so uh I'm
going to jump in can more topics can I
do the Defcon topic yeah let's do the
Defcon topic I went to Defcon and I
didn't know what to expect I've wanted
to go to Defcon since I was a we lad um
watching the the like vods of Defcon
panels on like I I'm pretty sure
I think I watched them pre YouTube even
but I know I watched some of them on
YouTube back in the day um I I'm pretty
sure the reason why I think I watch them
pre YouTube is because I have a bunch of
them
downloaded um like a lot of videos from
Defcon downloaded from back in the day
because I'm pretty sure I I got them off
of you know before YouTube a lot of
places you had to download video when it
was on the internet so anyways um always
wanted to go never really wanted to go
to cons by myself M and never really
wanted to go to Defcon especially by
myself because it's it's a it feels
scary um so this's a lot of hackers
there I went yeah quite a few this time
I went with uh Theo and Theo CTO Mark um
and Ed and not edel here edel a
different Ed um but I I I barely even
ended up seeing Ed because of reasons
that I'm going to explain in a second U
and while we were there we met up with
Thor and or pirate software and and
primagen and a group of other people uh
that are not as much of a fan of being
named or having pictures of them or
anything like that so those guys are
also super cool everyone that I was
hanging out with was were were just
Legends but I don't I'm not going to
name the other ones um what I expected
we would do is you know go to Defcon and
hang out at the show a bunch uh that
didn't really happen I can't even read
that no no you're good I'm just um what
what really happened at Defcon was we we
showed up we went to the show floor for
like I don't know couple hours and then
we got an invite from Thor pirate
software to join him in a hotel room
where they're doing a a capture the flag
like Challenge and I was like oh that
sounds pretty cool so we went there and
all immediately became obsessed with
this challenge called the the gold bug
puzzle um okay and this is what I ended
up spending the entire rest of the event
doing I sat in this hotel room with a
bunch of hacker dudes on laptops and
tried to solve puzzles we were up until
like 6:00 in the morning basically every
day trying to solve
puzzles and then we won we won the gold
bug challenge which was amazing heck
yeah uh I don't know how much uh it's
okay for me to say we uh they all think
that I can but my contribution is Highly
Questionable compared to certain other
people there um but it was really cool
and if you're interested um you can
actually kind of do it yourself still so
the puzzle is still live it's bbs.com
cryptv village.org
pazzles HTML and you can find all the
puzzles they're all right here um the
types of puzzles that they are this this
was just this was so cool and some of
the people there I I felt incredibly
dumb being in that room because the
stuff that people were able to pull off
was was wild um but the one the main one
that sniped me was chess there's all
these different names for these puzzles
etiquette chess uh charades pass a
slipper whatnot um
we when we started deciding like okay
we're we're pretty invested in this like
Mark Mark Theo and I um I start started
to try to figure out what one can I try
to contribute to and I heard there was
one named chess I was like okay I'm
going to work on that I click on the
chess puzzle and this is all you
get there's this picture of this girl uh
some text down at the bottom that reads
A Horseman rides across bread comes
dropped by a child reduced by one in
file and then a chess game and you can
play the chess game
um but like this is it the the solution
for the puzzle there's just like a text
box and you have to type something into
it that's all that's all this is all you
have you have to try to solve what this
puzzle is um I could go over all the
things that I tried I didn't even end up
being the one who solved this but I
might have helped narrow it down I don't
know that's questionable um I noticed
right away that the Knight moves around
in a very specific pattern this isn't a
normal chess game if you don't interact
with the Knight he just jumps
around the pattern of movement for the
night ends up being important to the
solution but I I was thinking like
Reduce by one and file so I was mapping
down the the movement pattern of the
night and then the files are are
alphabetical and then if you look at
like a grid of the spots on a chessboard
they're all letter number so I was
reducing by one of each so you end up
going down to the left so I like mapped
out the knight's movement going down
down to the left and then I I started
trying to like okay maybe the puzzle is
solved when a certain position on the
board is met and this was an agreement
that a bunch of people had was like that
might be it so I was trying to like
leave it says you know breadcrumbs Dro
by a child so I tried like putting Pawns
in the place that the Knight was going
to move to so it could take my pawns and
like all this other stuff none of that
ended up being the case I'm not going to
give the answer of how you solve it out
but I I tried everything I beat the AI I
I beat the game that way I um here let's
go
really quick where is it uh if I go
into
here nope it's not that one oh I thought
I clicked on script my bad take back
okay this will only take a
second so you can you can like reverse
your moves H interesting okay so I
figured out one thing that we figured
out pretty quick was you can make it
start to play chess so it has Logic for
actually trying to beat you um but
there's only ways that you can even
there's only some ways you can do that
so if you like hard oh did I just break
it no it's just I bet you a lot of
people are loading this right now um if
you like hard charge down the board yeah
and then just start taking stuff it
doesn't like react right away but it
will react eventually this just breaks
the game you put their their king in
check and it just stops working there's
other ways that you can break the game
where you can take over control of black
non programmatically like you play chess
and you like confuse it in a certain way
it'll do an illegal move and then
because of the illegal move it passes
the turn order over so you start playing
black and the AI starts playing white so
like I thought maybe okay maybe you're
supposed to take over black and then win
the game as black like I tried all these
different things it ends up not being
that type of stuff but we were working
on these puzzles for essentially the
entire event and that was so cool
everyone on the team that we're on were
super super cool to work with it was it
was very very fun it was very mentally
satisfying getting the answers to
different puzzles that was a a blast it
wasn't even sort of remotely what I was
expecting Defcon to be like cool but it
was awesome um another thing that we did
was Theo and I uh were a part of a
tf2 hacking
challenge where you have your your team
is comprised of two separate units you
have the players of TF2 yeah and then
you have hacking group and both sides
help each other and the score of each
individual component of your team
contributes into one pool of points so
like by winning TF2 rounds yeah you gain
score and you gain like tokens and the
tokens can be spent to get hints for the
hacking team and as the hacking team
captures Flags effectively they gain
points that can be spent to give you
like powerups in TF2 like crit bonus and
all other type of stuff so he it's like
that was super fun really really cool
event uh and then we come down to the
badge yeah okay which I don't know how
well this is going to you want to jump
to loot cam this is the badge for the
event so you have it hanging like this
and if I left it here long enough it
would go into badge mode it's not in
badge mode right now um but you can also
flip it over and it turns into
effectively a Game
Boy um there's there's the a new
Raspberry Pi launched on the same day of
the first day of Defcon and it is in
here so it has like a new launch version
of a Raspberry Pi um it has a ton of
features it has an IR sensor where you
can like put your badges together and
like transfer across um there's an SD
card reader there's a bunch of LEDs all
throughout it that are all individually
addressable yeah so you can set up like
color modes for your for your badge um
if I try to get in here for a second oh
it's upside down right cuz you have to
put it in like Game Boy mode um
they made a game it's going to be a
little bit hard to see yep but as this
like Scrolls through the game will start
and you you can like design your little
hacker character and then you set the
date and time and you can go through the
Defcon convention hall you start in your
hotel room and then you go on the monor
rail and then you end up at the Defcon
convention hall okay um and depending on
the date and time the convention hall is
like different and there's NPCs that you
can go and talk to so yeah I'm setting
the date here and time I'm picking my
little hacker character trying to make
so the screen can see I'm in my little
hotel room now that's
wild I can interact with how is this a
badge for an event
yeah Devon is crazy so I go how many of
these did they make the monil now that
is one thing I was going to let people
know if they do decide to go to Defcon
in the future I would pre- buby the
badge because you can buy your ticket at
the door but it's not guaranteed that
you get one of these you might end up
with a paper badge that's a thing every
time uh maybe not this exact level I've
seen some past badges that weren't as
cool as this WOW but they always have
like pretty crazy badges okay um you can
you can get into the menus and like so
on here I can change the LED
colors so let me go
to the the right cat eye sure and I'm
going to make
it there okay made it green but they're
all individually addressable or you can
do all of them at once that is crazy
this is the most I think this is
probably the most extra thing I have
ever seen a lot of things at def gon are
pretty
extra um there yeah
yeah you can update the firmware on it
like the battery Mount they just hucked
it in there yeah yeah that part some
people manually affix it I haven't taken
it apart yet to do so okay um you can
there's an SD card so you you can load
other like ROMs for Game Boy and you can
actually play other Game Boy games cuz
there Game Boy ulator why not um people
at the conference like this turned into
you know how we we took the activity of
gold bug and that like became our Defcon
some people took the activity of just
the badge yeah there's tons of different
things that could consume your time and
some people yeah went for the badge and
they they they put PM OS on it okay cuz
apparently this is a touch screen no way
I mean yeah I don't know if it interacts
with the Game Boy game
but yeah you can you can do I or I saw
people using like a a pen to interact
with it but yeah uh badges come with
entrance fee yeah I think it's a $20
riser to to buy it like it's $20 more I
think to buy the badge ahead of time wow
I just got a I got a photo for you in
the game cool yeah or I got some kind of
prize for knowing that the first Defcon
was hosted at Sans
yeah so it's like it's like it's an
actual game you can save your progress
you have inventory of all this stuff um
how do I check my
inventory I was in the inventory earlier
on the back wh uh oh well anyway uh I
closed the game oh yeah that's a that's
another point is um everyone scared
everyone scared me of like you know you
can't bring your devices to the show
floor cuz you'll get hacked and all that
kind of stuff so I brought an old
Android 12 non-updated phone just for LS
and manually and and so did yeah so did
Theo we didn't plan this ahead of time
we just both brought old notse secure
phones in an attempt he wanted to do it
for a video I just wanted to do it of
curiosity and then I was like hey I mean
if we get it to work you can use mine in
a video taken my phone that honestly
would have been pretty funny um and we
tried
to connect to every open wi-fi we
possibly could with these old unsecure
phones just to like see what would
happen yeah I'm assuming some stuff
happened no really yeah they have a
like security through everyone knows
that everyone who's here is going to be
bulletproof so don't bother or like or
what about it like backwards like those
would be unsecured devices connecting if
you do stuff to them they're going to do
stuff back sandbox you no no no no like
Luke would be fishing backwards like
wanting people to try stuff to my phone
and I'll destroy you maybe there's a
probably a bunch of mine gam they had a
wall of like these people have been
pwned at the event um and it was like
basically for people being silly um they
had some crazy Wi-Fi security thing
where on the secure network hosted by
the convention itself you had to
register your devices officially so they
could track like individual devices at
that level you it wasn't just free entry
it wasn't just entry with a password you
like it was wall of sheep is that what
it's called yeah wall of sheep and it's
like if you if you goof and get owned at
the event
um but yeah okay what what Kaboom pow
just said ends up being I think
ultimately it no one's going to blow a
zero day on you right so you're like
standard devices like no no one's going
to do something super sophisticated at
Defcon right because what's the huge
value there
um
but there is other things going on and
people do get ped and there is Wi-Fi
networks that are trying to capture you
like I noticed uh a trick that people
were doing was they were trying to set
up Wi-Fi networks that were open that
had the same ssids that you'd run into
at like an airport and stuff like that
and devices were automatically
connecting to it but I don't think they
were actually doing things super
malicious they were just trying to catch
you to get you on the wall of sheep got
it okay like it was a game okay I think
I don't know I'm sure I'm sure there's
people that go to Defcon and do things
that are bad yeah but like it it didn't
seem like actually a huge deal so if
you're like really scared you know don't
do silly things I would highly recommend
if you go to the show floor with a
device manually turn off your Wi-Fi so
that just in case you've connected to
open networks before and someone tries
to get you with the like naming a
network as the same thing or whatever
you're not going to automatically
connect to it because your Wi-Fi is just
off and you only go off to cellular data
um yeah someone said and Bluetooth yeah
it's a great idea um just turn off
things that are going to automatically
connect to networks um but yeah it was
tons of fun they even have a section
that's just for like kids to learn how
to get into uh security and and testing
of different things which is really cool
they had a lockpicking village where
they had just like a chain link fence
with a ton of different locks attached
to it and you could try out all these
different lock picks and and learn from
other people there that would teach you
kind of cool um it was actually a very
almost like wholesome positive event and
I had a ton of fun I'm definitely going
hearing you describe it I'm surprised
that this was your first time yeah I've
always wanted to go but no one really
wanted to go with me and then Theo and I
were both thinking of going and Thor was
like no you guys are coming and it was
like well all right sounds good do they
have social engineering seminars yes
they do how did you meet people I mean
uh most everyone's there for the same
reason I guess right like yeah and most
people that I met while I was there I
was planning on meeting unless like Thor
who introduced us to that that group of
people that again I don't think they
want to be named so I'm going to leave
that out but um yeah it was it was it
was really
sick can run Doom yeah I'm not surprised
people were talking at the event like
can it run doom and and the consensus of
most people was yes and it probably
already does someone at the event
probably made this happen already y um
so I'm surprised there was some drama
around the badge I don't know all of it
um
but I'm not super surprised because I
think there was a huge huge amount of
contributors and to make something this
complicated as just the badge to an
event I don't know I'm not surprised
there was some issues but yeah I I don't
know all the drama stuff but if you want
to look it up I as far as I know it's
like pretty heavily documented on on
Reddit and other places so you can go
figure that out Dragon 2 night in float
plane chat no that sound was my back
cracking they thought it was a fart oh
no I'm
just um
apple yeah apple is making payments more
open
I it's not enough Apple needs to do more
and it doesn't make up for all their
past transgressions but I do like the
new I like the new Apple I like the
Apple that is
constantly paranoid about being
investigated for antitrust because
they're being investigated for antitrust
in response to the European commission's
antitrust investigations apple is making
a host of changes surrounding payments
and third-party apps Apple is allowing
developers finally to offer NFC
transactions in app using secure element
that means users can set their double
click side button shortcut to an app
that isn't Apple pay it also means that
thirdparty apps can use contactless
transactions for things like hotel room
keys or Transit passes this is going to
be an absolute Game Changer and should
have happened years
ago so many years ago the fact that it's
happening now means that Apple could
have done it anytime they wanted they
just decided they didn't want to the
apis are open to developers in select
countries in the iOS 18.1 developer beta
to use these apis devs will need to
enter a commercial agreement with apple
and pay the associated fees however and
that's where the malicious compliance
comes in probably we'll see um Apple has
also changed their rules surrounding
showing pricing and promotions in apps
developers are now able to inform users
of pricing information in the app and
they can make purchases directly from
the location of their choosing be that
another app store website Etc uh by
applying for an entitlement that Apple
can approve or deny based on their terms
and conditions however should an app
link to an external payment platform
while using this entitlement they will
be subject to a store Services fee
explained by The Verge um blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
basically it's a fee uh in addition to
that there's a 5 % initial acquisition
fee that applies under the same terms so
this is this is
Apple complying
without in good faith just dealing with
the fact that this is not going to
last you you are not you're it's not
going to it's not going to keep lasting
you guys um there was the whole drama
this week this actually isn't in our
isn't in our notes but there was the
whole drama this week where uh patreon
is apparently going to be stuck paying
the 30% fee on everything that goes
through patreon which compared to
patreon's own take no no um oh what are
the details there patreon
is actually I I think it's well they're
offering the options and reasonable how
they're dealing with it um is they're
they're offering the option for the
Creator to eat it or for the Creator to
pass it on to the user I don't think
patreon in any case is eating it himself
I shouldn't say patreon is eating it
that's incorrect because patreon only
takes 8% of the gross so it wouldn't
make any yeah I believe that's their cut
um but basically apple is demanding 30%
of patreon contributions which is
ridiculous and we've talked extensively
in the past about how the float plane
model which is very similar to the
patreon model is completely untenable it
gets dunked if you take 30% from us with
a 30% take we we don't have 30% for you
to take from us it doesn't it doesn't
make any sense this is this is direct
funding um for creators and so if you're
taking if you're taking that kind of cut
out of it as a as a platform um like
like a device
platform it's not manageable yeah some
some people are pointing out like other
platforms that people could use and
stuff honestly I don't think there's a
better way that patreon could have
handled this just subscribe online or
online through the web through the web
yeah just subscribe through a web
browser and I'm pretty I'm
I'm I don't have the patreon app on my
phone but I'm going to assume that if
you subscribe through the web you can
still access their stuff on mobile like
just just do it that way I think the the
easiest way to do it is for creators
that are offered this option to pass it
forward to the users and then hopefully
the users will see that and just go
subscribe on the web um because I I
don't think it's you know great for the
creators to have to eat that percentage
either
so it is what it
is whoa what is this Google's team pixel
program was changed to require that
influencers be biased towards Google
screenshots leaked from a member of
Google's team pixel influencer program
I've never even heard of this uh showing
a Google form requiring the user to
agree to preferential coverage for the
pixel oh look at this by opting into
this program do you acknowledge that you
are expected to feature the Google pixel
device in place of any competitor mobile
devices please note that if it appears
other brands are being preferred over
the pixel we will need to cease the
relationship between the brand and the
Creator yes acknowledge are people
misinterpreting looks fake almost well
it's just a Google form Google no I know
what I know what a Google form looks
like I just mean like like this seems so
um this seems like something that you'd
be too smart to put in black and white
you know like apple never says this
outright but is this like we've we've
both never even heard of this is this
something that they're doing for
reviewers I don't think so I don't think
it's this seems like a a product
placement agreement which wouldn't that
make sense I mean I feel like this is a
very unpopular opinion it would help
prevent those really embarrassing uh I
love my huwe whatever sent from my
iPhone situations like I I don't think
this is a reviewer thing at all what is
Team pixel does anyone know what team
pixel is I looked up team pixel and I
found a Google Blog article that doesn't
make any sense at all uh it's just about
like # team pixel and it's if you take
photos but I don't think this is
it uh that seeds early units to
influencers and super fans to drum up
interest as brand
ambassadors okay so these are not
reviewers for brand ambassadors it's not
for reviewers this is a totally
different thing okay yeah if you're
supposed to be a brand ambassador then
you're then you should probably you're a
completeing idiot if you're going to
like show off show off an iPhone
products more often than the brand that
you're supposed to be the ambassador
for um however okay think it's the
change that people are are upset about
okay because the program's previous
terms which listed no specific
expectations also said that member
content should always be truthful
accurate and reflect your honest
opinions and experiences what does it
say now um well I don't know that we
have the entire survey necessarily we
just have that one question a
picture um it says Now by opting into
this program do you acknowledge that
you're expected to feature the Google
pixel device in place of any competitor
mobile devices please note that if it
appears other brands are being preferred
yeah again though if you're a brand
ambassador that makes
sense uh reviewers are joining team
pixel as well oh well I mean that's a
huge
problem yes that's like obviously and
objectively a huge problem um
yeah I I've never even heard of the
thing so I don't know that seems like a
separate problem though either way
Google gave the following statement to
Android police team pixel is a distinct
program separate from our press and
Creator reviews programs the goal of
Team pixel is to get pixel devices into
the hands of content creators not press
and Tech reviewers we missed the mark
with this new language that appeared in
the team pixel form yesterday and it has
been removed okay okay oh why was the oh
man how did this end up as a main news
topic the FTC says no to fake reviews
they have now finalized their rules
Banning fake reviews online after
spending almost 2 years working on them
the full text is in the FTC statement
but PC World has summarized the rules
like this no reviews or testimonials
from people who don't exist that's going
to eliminate a lot of them no buying
reviews of any kind positive or negative
I actually kind of love this so this is
great does this mean that programs um
where you like get the thing on Amazon
and it comes with like a like a voucher
and if you post a review they'll like
give you something like is that can that
just go away now hopefully um a lot of
this like was this not already illegal
well apparently not even look you got to
remember the FTC is not necessarily
doesn't have necessarily much fangs
depending on what the thing is and in
fact they've kind of been their power
has kind of been eroded lately um which
is if this is what they're up to that's
a really bad thing um for them to not be
able to enforce this stuff I don't know
what enforcement's going to look like
but here let's get through the rest of
it um no reviews from company insiders
like yah obviously yeah no fake review
sites oh interesting how do we Define
that though that is very interesting
because we had that whole conversation
around um air purifiers a while back and
how house fresh or whatever they're
called yeah yeah so house fresh to be
clear it's not the fake one no they're
cool house house fresh blog here hold on
a second I'm going to see if I can find
it these guys um yeah yeah here we go
here we go here we go uh how Google's
killing independent sites like ours and
basically they talk about how no one's
ever tested and of these air purifiers
but these large media companies have
enormous SEO capabilities and
relationships that allow them to surface
their nonsense listicles above folks who
are actually testing air purifiers and
dehumidifiers properly um and it's like
it's like a whole problem it's it's a
deep rabbit hole but it's worth it to
read that blog post cuz you'll be like
oh my God I can't trust anything but hey
at least you'll at least you'll know
that at least you'll know that I mean I
would say that something that sounds
like a revieww from someone who's never
touched the product is a fake review
personally I I don't know if that falls
under this but should no review
suppression now that's interesting
remember remember when Logitech was uh
blocking reviews on the g-cloud if they
were NE display reviews on your site you
display I mean look I haven't I haven't
read this yet like as we don't have we
take a principled approach to our
reviews on our side the only things that
we filter for are um like harmful
language hate speech things things that
are obvious and nothing to do with
people's critical feedback on the
product uhoh
what no not we're not having another cut
open in the bottom of the backpack
moment are we you screen all the reviews
personally don't you yeah yeah that's
that's what you're paying that's Dan's
other job oh no no no no
look you supposed to say all you did was
disappear what do you mean look no I
said look me yeah yeah I got him uh Dan
has never seen a review in his life
actually he doesn't even know what they
are um I'm
impartial no we the the only thing that
I'm worried about is with with no review
suppression is would you have to leave
that stuff up I certainly hope not I
hope not as well um but that gets
interesting because like where is the
how do you
define where the line is
there I don't know but apparently the
maximum civil penalty is $ 51,70412
is the experience we had then do you
know reseller ratings.com no oh okay
well resellerratings.com either is or
was um like a thirdparty review site
like kind of a like an
independent um Better Business Bureau
type thing and basically the only way
that you could respond to reviews was to
pay an
extortionate amount of money to them
that's their entire model is they
collect negative reviews and essentially
use as leverage to make you pay to be
able to make them go
away um yeah so that was a whole that
was a whole thing that's rough
yeah
yeah uh I'm going to have to go in like
a few minutes here fine be
uncool you know he hasn't played Super
checks with me in weeks months what a
loser I could I could call back in if
you want though it's up to you yeah
maybe I'm over you wow wow wow wow
yourself uh oh this is cool uh Steam OS
3.6.9 beta notes including included
added support for extra Rog Ally Keys
valves Lawrence Yang confirms they've
been working on Ally support with
additional handhelds to come the steam
deck Twitter account also announced
official Windows support for the steam
deck OLED um the Apu audio Wi-Fi and
Bluetooth drivers were Linked In the
tweet and drivers for the original LCD
version are also available that was it
there's nothing to really discuss here
other than that super
cool uh what is this battlefield thing
here does anyone care about this the
largest field for
Battlefield I don't know I don't know
anything about it uh okay I'm going to
close that then I don't think I care
about that I haven't cared about
Battlefield in a long time just keep Rel
releasing worse and worse games another
long running site comes to an end Auto
blog is done after recently celebrating
their 20th anniversary uh employees were
told the site had been sold off and
September 13th will be the final day for
Auto blog in its current form um this
seems to have happened around the same
time that Game Informer was abruptly
shut down by GameStop Auto blog has been
sold to Arena group who used to publish
Sports Illustrated uh this is really
interesting and actually ties into that
air purifier story that you guys should
go look up house fresh.com
uh and then the how Google is killing
independent sists like ours because you
might ask yourself hey well if they're
acquiring Auto blog why aren't they
necessarily going to keep all the
employees like how are they going to
publish articles these guys get into it
how what these groups do is they buy
recognized Brands uh media Brands and
then they just pump out AI assisted
garbage um based on never having
actually tried anything and um just kind
of ride it into the ground and then they
go find another one pretty gross uh I
don't know that Arena group does that oh
here we go okay yep no yep okay Arena
group during their stint licensing the
Sports Illustrated name used the brand
and at least publication they own the
street to publish AI generated articles
that were credited to fake AI generated
people
sick good job and that's it for our
topic so um it's after dark which means
I guess you can go anytime you want or
you can be cool and hang out with us no
I'm I'm I I know he has he actually has
something important to do I just I just
like grinding his gears breaking his
balls grinding his balls in my gears
wait squeezing his
I got a merch message here for
Luke if you uh if you
want cognitive behavioral
torture I've got a few minutes we we can
do one uh I miss watching your old
streams on classic wow I was like yeah
why do you never stream anymore I was
the shammy that joined your guild as a
float plane uh do you plan on playing
the war within I didn't have a guild
called Flo plane who did you play with
no I think he joined as has float plane
oh okay cool yeah um what did you say
war with no I I'm not interested in new
WoW stuff um got in in regards to game
streaming in general though uh my my
roommate has moved out so eventually
where the computer we have to do some
renovation stuff did your roommate come
get their stuff yet yeah nice it's
finally gone it took like months uh
anyways that's fine um uh it's we need
to do some renovations things now that
he's gone one of the reasons that we
couldn't do them previously was because
um we didn't want to burden people with
leaving our our birds at their place
especially because they die so
incredibly easily and I don't want
people to are you starting to wonder
like your bird's dying is like a don't
even you can stop there that could that
could end immediately um anyways so but
by having by having the roommate gone
I'm just saying he eats a lot of
chickens oh my god um they weigh 30 G
each and you got to think about how much
that is like feathers and B you're
watching your weight right oh my
goodness
um Dan you know we're not funny right
like we're not even a little bit funny
no um I think it's just bullying like I
think this is
just it's just being mean at this point
I think that's I'm sorry I'm eating
Humble Pie
you're EA you're eating like smug
pie yeah you you hacked me well I'm
going to sell shirts about
it I don't even I'm just going to give
the money away to no we're giving the
money
away eating pie I don't even it have a
member of Staff it's not buy me a
pie anyways um yeah now that now that
he's out we can like seal off an area
and work on it and have the birds
separated from that area so they don't
get like dry uh drywall dust and y y y
um so now we can finally do things that
we've needed to do for a while and then
once that's done we're going to move our
desks into that other room so now I can
stream without being in the middle of
the house with the mic picking up
anything that you do and if you want to
move around almost at all needing to go
on camera um so it won't be like
basically just rude for me to stream um
and then the plan is to start streaming
again
but I also don't play as many games as I
used to so it's not going to be as
frequent as it used to but I still want
to stream sometimes
yeah looked purple I thought maybe I P a
Jack
Horner Luke go home we don't want you
anymore yeah I think it is about that
time I don't C6 maybe I should stream
the end of it maybe you should get to
the end of
it destroyed yeah you leave you leave oh
look you walk away oh there's no you
still can there's no recovering from
that 98% of his body is covered in third
degree
burns oh my goodness I would say I'd
play it this weekend but it's probably
not going to happen yeah I know I know
it's not going to happen all right it's
me and Dan now lying to everyone what's
up Dan
hi just waiting for again I can call
back if you want you want what call back
in if you want oh I mean you have to
call back in to say bye oh yeah we can
call them then that's legally required
yeah no don't worry Luke we've only got
a handful of merch messages that Dan
created he apparently replied to the
rest of them okay what a what a guy what
an absolute Chad yeah talking about your
keyboard Yeah well yeah M build it for
me it's got silent keyc caps that
keyboard man it it takes a pounding you
know yeah like my self-esteem here heyo
any lldd love the D Google video with
the internet becoming more and more
subscription based and personal info
Farms is there a way to make your own
internet at home streaming chat Wiki Etc
I mean I've definitely heard of projects
where people have backed up substantial
portions of the internet I mean
archive.org is obviously an example of
that and there'd be no reason that you
couldn't you couldn't host content
locally and then
configure um
yeah it's
it's it's it would be woefully
impractical for an individual but I know
that there are I know that there are
companies that do some some significant
caching of Internet Resources
um Dan can you think of a practical
reason to do that like streaming no no
you wouldn't be able to stream except to
anyone who it' be like an intranet on
that point it's not it's not the
internet any more I do know of some like
you know cities or countries that have
those kinds of underground internets and
things like that but yeah it would be an
internet but then wouldn't that just be
what the internet is as well you know
it's just a smaller one I know that um a
lot of isps have Clauses where you're
not allowed to share your internet with
your
neighbors yeah but in this case like it
would be yeah you'd have to have uh but
somebody would need to have an entry
point I know that there's I think it's
in Cuba where they have like a a USB
stick almost streaming service where
everybody just yeah sneaker net yeah
something like that yeah yeah there
there would be there would definitely be
limitations to something like this but
absolutely it is it is the kind of thing
that could be built but the thing you
got to understand is if you're issue is
everything being like subscription
based there'd be a cost to you know know
hosting and distributing all of this and
and so people would have to subscribe to
your they would have to buy into this
system so it'll be like you got to get
your own Point too link and buy all
these servers and then all of a sudden
you've just built another internet
you've XKCD standards uh standards dit
so then you could brand it yeah exactly
oh no you could sell it as an MLM if you
get four people on the network we'll
move you up to Gold tier Dan like and
then you can have 4K movies can you try
to be ever so slightly less full
dystopia all the time you know it's it's
the only thing that lives in my mind is
how much worse our society could be and
every day I'm proved right okay good job
Dan what else do we have today also why
am I sitting why am I sitting here the
only one on camera you you ruined all my
stuff I had I here I was like this oh
yeah sorry now Dan's on the show got him
cool let's see uh what else do we have I
looks like you uh you close that one my
bank blocks all International charges I
ask them to unblock a subscription I was
told they unblock for 3 months because
they unblock the entire country have you
all seen any terrible security oh dude
one of my favorites is uh some of my
information was compromised a while back
and I forget whether it was Equifax or
one of the other ones um but I had to
sign up for credit monitoring and
basically I was blown away to discover
that at the time I don't know if they do
now but at the time they didn't support
to Factor
authentication didn't support it I
literally was on the phone with customer
service I linked them to a blog post
from their own website on the importance
of two-factor authentication and I was
like you guys don't have this how is
this even possible and they're like is
there anything else I can help you with
absolutely blew my mind um I think
that's probably the worst one that I've
ever seen given the industry that
they're in and given their companies
obvious awareness of the importance of
it honestly I actually no I've got more
the fact that social security numbers
and the equivalent here which is your
sin number your social insurance number
the fact that those cannot be
changed or can be changed but with a
great deal of effort is mindblowing to
me especially given that we've known for
so many years now for so many decades
now that they with the number of people
and organizations that you have to give
them out to just to function as an adult
they cannot be considered proprietary
information that only you know um I I
don't get it I don't I don't get that at
all hey dll why haven't we seen more cam
2 in laptop since G uh J DEC what would
you call it J Jed uh officialized it
last year year also you ever think one
of the big GPU vendors would ever try
kind of Cam implementation uh no gpus
are never going back to upgradeable
memory there's
um it's not an it's not a conspiracy
theory it's not an invention of you know
big PCB manufacturer that um you can run
memory at higher interface speeds if you
bring it closer and closer and closer to
the die and at the speeds that we're
running at now the shorter you can get
those interconnects um the the more the
more the better the signaling is and so
that's the that's the main reason along
with the fact that the vast majority of
people didn't take advantage of it that
they moved away from upgradable vram on
gpus um it just it wasn't practical
anymore and so back to cam 2 and laptops
compared to soldering directly to the
motherboard it's even though it's no
worse than sodium it's still worse than
soldering directly to the board from a
thickness standpoint and even though the
signaling makes up for the um the
limitations of sodium that have kept us
from going Beyond I think it's 5600
megat transfer per second not a lot yeah
something like that and they've gone way
beyond that in some laptop designs by
moving the moving the memory either onto
the board or even onto the package like
what Apple's been doing um it's still
not as good as being on the board right
next to the CPU and and GPU for that
matter
um depending on the kind of memory I
think you're talking about CPU memory so
next to the CPU or being right on the
package
so I don't know I don't know how much
momentum cam 2 is or isn't going to gain
I mean I know Lenovo has that one mobile
workstation I'm hoping for the
best but um this this actually was a
this was kind of a a controversial point
back when we did our what is it stricks
Point whatever an AI 300 review and I
said that right now AMD does not have
support for uh for non soldered memory
and I I can't say anymore people people
said look hey it says on their site uh
that they support it
um
no note okay I'll say I'll say this note
that there isn't a single laptop design
that has Soo memory
note
that just note it that's all um can't
really say
more I work as a drywall taper I'm
wondering if lonus has any horror
stories dealing with drywallers at your
job as a painter I've seen some bad
drywall jobs and felt bad for you guys
love the
show um I mean every construction
project that we've ever done has had
some really questionable drywall work
done
overall I think the vast majority of the
people we've ever worked with have been
industrious and tidy at least as much as
you can be when your entire job is to
put mud on things and create dust you
know uh but it only takes sort of one
careless person to just kind of slop
something together and go ah good enough
I mean it's not like it's my building uh
to create
problems um I'd say one of the funniest
ones that I saw recently was in the call
me Chris upgrades so you can actually I
think it's in the last part where I or
no oh it's in the I think it's in the
float plan exclusive where I go after
the shoddy craftsmanship of the of the
drywalling at her place and just how bad
her paint job is both because the paint
job is bad and because the drywalling
under it is
terrible got two for one eh yeah hi guys
given how divisive some products can be
are there any Tech products that
everyone seems to hate but that you guys
actually like what do you think Dan you
got anything on this one I was trying to
think of
something cuz I feel like it's going to
be a cop out for me to just say PS
portal again and to be clear I don't
actually like the PS portal I didn't buy
one I don't even have a PlayStation um
but everyone seems to hate it and it was
very clear to me as someone who really
liked the Nvidia shield and as someone
who likes game streaming in general that
it
um that it that it
clearly had a use it clearly had a had a
a target audience that um that would be
very passionate about it and and people
didn't really seem to people didn't
really seem to
agree I don't know Dan you you got
anything like what does what does
everyone what does everyone hate I mean
I liked Vista
which I'm going to come over there yeah
there we go no the camera's backwards
yeah there you go yeah exactly uh no I
can't think of anything that like
everyone seems to
hate seems like everybody
like likes everything was the call me
Chris cab three years
ago no I was oh my God yeah I've nearly
been here 3 years
now seriously oh
god
well okay next up any who
did you guys check into doing a
collaboration with Edison Motors you
talked about trying after the huboo with
that Grant they didn't get under unusual
circumstances no it was only two years
ago oh jeez you guys are killing me here
okay cool
um I think we might have something going
but I don't want to promise anything
because I'm not the one dealing with it
and I don't know all the details but I I
I think that they're super cool and I
think we're super cool with how super
cool they are and we want to do
something together but I I don't know
when I don't know when the plan is for
that uh pingpong greater than badminton
what say you lld I guess it's just LD
just want to hear your thoughts on table
tennis table tennis is sick uh I've been
getting back into it and it's good
exercise it looks like so much fun to
play it at a high level but for me um I
just I there's no way that I could
justify switching to it right now
because the the the learning
curve um you could probably get more
courts in in Smash Champs right well I
mean sort of it depends on the level
people are playing at yeah man you see
those high level games people are
running all over the place that's true
that's extremely true like I no I no no
no no like mile yeah you can probably
get the same amount of yeah yeah I mean
you most people are basically like
standing right at the end of the table
and plinky plink plink right but um man
no I I I just for me to get enjoyment
out of it I would need to play at the
same kind of level that I can play
badminton at and for me to play table
tennis at that level I'd have to play
for years or I could just spend those
years playing badminton and having fun
instead of sort of banging my head
against a brick wall learning
curve in 2019 Texas instrument tried
Banning assembly coding from their
calculators but reached a middle ground
with coders after backlash from wano
viewers what's your favorite time wano
caused a good
change did I did I did I know about
this I don't don't I don't know thing
this is before my time there's there's
no way this is a thing I I don't think
this is a thing I don't think Texas
Instruments even knows who we are uh
Texas Instruments am might be in gaset W
show assembly code what no there's no
way
does anyone does anyone know anything
about this it says TI and calculators I
assumed it was Texas Instruments yeah no
I mean yeah that's I I I don't think we
I don't think we did that um we
definitely give some love love hugs from
time to time I remember the time we
brought down the KN to a website but
hey look if you guys know more than I do
and and there's any information about
this that maybe you can get to us next
week maybe we can look into that but I
no no I don't
know okay uh hey lonus how much do you
credit networking with your success as
an entrepreneur I help college students
with networking and would love examples
that you have to use as
examples I suck at networking I I have
probably the smallest rodex
of anyone that I know of who sort of has
a has a career like mine um I I
literally don't even have contact
information anymore for people that I
have literally collaborated with before
like okay I just mentioned call me Chris
I I don't have a functioning contact
information for her that I know of
anymore um I I totally suck at like the
relationship building side of things the
the cold hard truth is I got into making
YouTube videos not because I'm a people
person but because I'm a computer
person the rest of it all just happened
accidentally I just liked tinkering with
computers and stuff um you are
absolutely right to emphasize the
importance of networking with your with
your students but I suck at
it I think Theo is an excellent example
of networking done
correctly basically hey I know a guy you
should talk to this other guy and then
you just do that
forever and then everybody knows
everybody and you're in the center of
everybody's Universe yeah yeah I I I
don't I don't that's just it's a crazy
skill yeah that you that can be your
entire careers just doing that a big
part of like my approach to the business
has been we'll just make sure our
product is great and then it won't
really matter like if I play the game
and suck up and whatever else you just
hire somebody with networking skills to
do you a business right well I mean yeah
right that was that was that was kind of
the plan with Taran like he knows
everybody um he know he knows me he's
one of the few people that like I know
but uh he has all those connections like
that that's his thing that's that's not
my thing exactly um support network is
very
important uh hey lonus I'm very late but
just checking in to see if you watch the
C uh SCF Stanley Cup Final I know you're
Canuck guy when you watched from a prior
video did it give you Joy to see
Edmonton lose out not even a little um I
mean
Edmonton even going into the start of
the playoffs I think Edmonton had the
most Canadians on their roster out of
any out of any team so like while you
know obviously um wasn't great to watch
them beat Team Sweden
um no I was I was I was actually rooting
for Edmonton the truth of it though is I
don't really I see teams as businesses
so beyond just kind of the fun of being
in the atmosphere where everyone's
cheering for the same business um you
know let's go team
aquini uh I don't really I don't really
care my investment in is pretty low like
I I tend to get more into the like the
the the the story lines of like the
players themselves so like seeing um
seeing Paul Maurice for example who was
like coming up on or was already like
the winningest coach in NHL history who
had never won a Stanley Cup or something
like that or whatever whatever the the
kind of story was there like how many
times he'd gotten so close like I I was
kind of able to appreciate it from that
perspective even though I was cheering
for Edmonton in the final I you know I
didn't like seeing um I didn't like
seeing that team who you know worked
really hard and who i' followed more
closely and sort of you know built a
weird parasocial connection with some of
those players you know get beaten by the
players that I didn't really care about
even as much but yeah at the end of the
day like to me the the jerseys they're
just businesses these are just these are
just emblems that are purchased by
billionaire business owners uh it's not
very meaningful to me um whereas like
you know uh some some of the individual
athletes I I can certainly get a lot
more on board with um like here in
Vancouver uh the sadine twins are like
Local Heroes not just for what they did
on the ice but for all the contributions
that they've made really meaningful
causes for their reputation as being
super downto Earth people um the fact
that they' stuck around and continued to
work at the organization even though
they could have justed off back to
Sweden uh the second that their contract
was up as players um you know it seems
cool you know it seems like they're
they're members of the community as
opposed to just Hired Guns who play
hockey right
so and last one I've got today oh and uh
a couple people have found the Wan clip
as well when we're talking about the TI
84 looks like it was from June 18th
2020 um I know we both con lemon and
no as
well what what does this have to do with
the wancho this is someone
else's uh this is someone else's
video uh developer CE concept okay
wo handled the situation better than TI
yeah I I don't think this I know about
the situation with ti but what I don't
know is that TI acknowledged us or that
we made any difference in any way that
that's what I don't that's what I have
not seen any evidence
of okay whatever last uh match merch
message I've got for you
then hope this isn't rude but since he
went and canceled the Marino t-shirt and
Ma MC address mcknet
got any recommendations for alternate
brands of similar quality to you thanks
no actually um hopefully we can bring
back stuff like that more in the future
but
um uh apparel sales has been a little
rough this year especially with some of
the the less boring stuff anything other
than t-shirts hoodies um it's one of
those funny things where I think we
have I think we have a really strong
reputation among our buyers for for
creating quality products but that
doesn't necessarily mean h how do I put
this that it's easy for us to sell stuff
that's a little bit more a little bit
more stylish um so it's something that
we're really working on right now trying
to figure out you know what an identity
is that we can build where we can take
advantage of our strength which is our
attention to detail and our our
uncompromising uh passion for making
highquality products but also the
sometimes kind of basicness of of of our
audience I mean the reality of I'm I'm
one of you right like I I I wear
t-shirts I you know like jeans and you
know like I I get it
um but there's tough business realities
for us to for us to figure out um if we
want to do more more Niche products like
that
yeah oh okay
all right uh thanks for tuning in to the
W show this week we we will see you
again next week same bad time same bad
Channel
bye nice thanks Luke oh Dan you're
you're floating in the ocean and oh no
I'm drowning volcano oh
no what what' you
say
Luke you're
drowning yeah okay
bye okay bye
[Music]
thanks Luke he really does
care
Oh Luke is a real one for
that I ate way too much pie that was
brutal